This law was passed in Nebraska a few weeks ago:
https://nebraskalegislature.gov/FloorDocs/109/PDF/Slip/LB525.pdf
I've requested Professor Damevski to add you
So I know emotion detection is running
We use the unity package "barracuda" to import the model
If this had application-level access, you wouldn't even need to write your own automation scripts.
Where’s the backside?
Where are now? I can come get you
crescent doors?
Ethan. Erick is still here, so if you show up you might have to wait outside of the classroom.
Awesome
coming in-person?
Would you wanna sub Erick out at 11? He'd be leaving around then.
good one ethan
apparently we can only have 8 participants
yes, though let me talk to kate since we need to confirm who's coming tomorrow
pretty sure
We can use ai
i believe you
looks good. thank you
good one
looks good. just one thing: could you rename your resume according to the format. just to make the sign up easier for dr sonmez
Ethan don’t forget to fill out the form for MACCDC if you’re still interested. Try to get it by tomorrow
Rule 1 was what I was talking about with noon and meem with a shaddah. Ghunnah is what the sound/emphasis is called.
هيا، يا اخي، هيا
Yet*
GUIDE US IN ROBLOX
YA MOHAMMED! <@&1407755527160598628>
كيف تقول "practice” في العربية؟
مارحبا. كيف حالكم؟
Congratulations to all the new graduates and to everyone getting through another school year!
Looks legit. I’ve gotten their emails from a .net domain.
Delete pictures with my face
i saw a notification
Thanks Rebecca. It was great to compete with you. Good luck on your interview! See you Thursday
I’ll send them to you. I have a list
I think there's just a limit to how long we can keep each environment open at a time, but we can open them multiple times.
No problem
Yes. It closes at the end of the day.
DP and vga
No problem. We’ll mostly be trying to get some last minute solves in Pico 25.
Sent you a message
E2221
Do grad emails end in edu?
The problem we did today was called rsa_pop_quiz. 

Try miniRSA (the hard problem) on picoCTF. Use this to help: https://ir0nstone.gitbook.io/crypto/rsa/public-exponent-attacks/small-e
Me too
How's everyone doing?
google "bird cipher"
So you unzipped and you have the image right?
I got that one. Do you want a hint?
How far did you get on that problem?
They have an unfathomable definition of easy.
Apparently, the qualifier results come out on the 20th.
Not sure how many. Checked their site, but it's not listed.
Commonwealth cyber initiative
CCI will
anyone try  "Husky Hash"?
working on cryptography. got 2 left
No problem Rebecca. Just let us know as soon as you can.
We could even request a custom cyber range
That’s a cool prize
Wow. It’s been a couple months. Maybe you could try emailing the org?
Didn’t you guys ever get your prizes from cyberrange?
You can’t defend your record forever Dr Sonmez
We know
Yes Dr Sonmez
You too Dr <@689331234383331332> !
Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -Online -FeatureName Microsoft-Windows-Subsystem-Linux
Rebecca look behind you
We'll send another poll out like we did for U of R's ctf to figure out teams.
It's the link above from Dr. Sonmez, though we'll have to sign the players up after teams are created.
Not much in the slides; I'll post the upcoming events in <#1151935348742557731>
Team <@&1151935347987587217> , Hack The Boo is ongoing. Make sure to join and attempt some challenges.
No problem Robert
next time
Excellent job <@1011287872525045871> <@212287012181377024> <@109482185949446144>
Never before have I seen such disrespect be directed towards the Quantum Buffer Overflow Guild.
Will send a list of confirmed names later.
Kate’s making a team
Join any team with a name that makes sense
It seems that there’s a team limit of 3 players. We’re gonna make multiple teams
Hmm. Perhaps you’re out of RAM?
Yes. Unfortunately, we can’t access the patriot CTF challenges. I think pico is good practice for us, at least for now.
Yes. If you get the time, we can meet later. Regardless, try to do some practice on your own.
Gotcha
Done
IntroToBurp on Pico?
No problem
Monday is when we have our weekly meetings, but if anyone wants to review outside of that time, we could set that up.
It'll be a check to see if anyone needs last minute resume prep as well as a review of some PatriotCTF challenges.
jason grace
Good idea Kevon
War room anyone?
Can you send the prompt?
What’s the challenge?
got it now, thanks
what address did you use?
probably will be tomorrow afternoon
But difficulty will always be indicated by points
Meta did this last flash CTF
I went over time so I didn’t submit
I haven’t looked at the write ups yet
I’m still connected
Sounds good. We’ll have time to do the problems as a group next Monday. Also, there are write ups available, but I encourage you all to try to get them on your own first before checking them out.
Would you all like to go over the challenges together next Monday?
The fact that you tried it is a success in my eyes.
Every formidable cyber warrior starts somewhere.
The greatest reward
Yes. On the homepage there's a list of them.
The link will be in the slides. Recommended tools will also be there.
We also got registered as a team for the competition. That’ll be shown in the slides.
Thank you <@277530758837436417>, <@759492636083748885>,  <@201084458311483392>, and Dr <@689331234383331332>  for setting up the competition. It was very well made.
Thanks Katherine. All the logos look great. My favorite is the second one.
Good luck team
student
Thanks, I’ll check that out too.
Thanks.
Thanks!
Hey Angelina. No I won’t be going
Nile is Batman in this gif
N.I.L.E
NILE
I watched Eddie Woo’s two part lecture on YouTube on the RSA algorithm.
I found the RSA ones to be workable after watching some videos.
I’ll try it out.
Nice. Which one was it?
we just finished
We did "la cifra de" and are attempting "mr-worldwide" (medium challenges)
What do you all think of attempting a pico hard problem after 9 tonight?
Yousselfie
Sorry for the delay. The link from the challenge description takes you to a user. That's all I'll say.
When you put them together it’ll spell out something that’ll make sense.
Hi. Not quite, there’s a missing piece.
Will the launch this weekend be on Saturday or Sunday?
I won’t be ready
Is there a launch after the 23rd?
Salamualaykum, Amir. Hope all is well. Ramdan Mubarak
Will you just use old computers to host?
That's sick. The homelab part I mean.
Salamualaykum, Amir. How are you doing? How's work?
Propah cringe
Gonna spin your computer's jaw, innit?
My experience
I'll join
I can't agree with that statement.
What are you on about, chap?
I looked into volunteering for skygeeks, but it seems they're looking for professional developers.
Wow. I thought you would've gotten back near midnight
Yea. You?
That’s mad, bruv
Alhamdulillah. Back to the streets where English is accessible.
Salamualaykum Amir. How's it going? How was the trip back yesterday?
I can’t make it
I’d also like to go. I expect either day works but prefer Saturday
Alaykumsalam. I don’t think so. I just took a final.
Soccer group:
https://discord.gg/7jEq4BAV
Salamualaykum Faizan. Hope you had a joyous Eid. May Allah accept the efforts of you and your family and keep you steadfast.
Salamualaykum. As far as I know they do it every Sunday. In the park at the gazebo.
You're invited to my new group 'MSA Brothers @ VCU' on GroupMe. Click here to join: https://groupme.com/join_group/87023130/UU9j5ycT
You're invited to my new group 'MSA @ VCU 2023-2024' on GroupMe. Click here to join: https://groupme.com/join_group/95784311/bR82yrX5
No problem. Thank you for letting me know
Salamualykum Faizan. I'm enrolling in module 1 for the makerspace. I remember you mentioning that it's possible to get $25 off. Can any student do that?
Salam. I have a class at 11, so I probably won’t be on until after duhr
Rescheduled to tomorrow
It was 9 just a few minutes ago
Guys
When do you prefer?
What's the problem?
Let's say meeting from 9-10am for tomorrow, inshaAllah.
Allahuma Barek Lak
When are you guys available?
Salamualaykum.
i have prayed ishaa
Salamualaykum. Anyone available post-isha on Thursday to talk about the app and potentially indulge in brawlhalla?
Anyone on post-isha tonight?
Class just started
When do you guys want to chat
Salamualaykum. How about meeting Wednesday to talk about the app?
His words not mine
Saturday morning is fine for me, inshaAllah
You’re*
I don’t know yet
Also in a library
Can't right now. Planning umrah transport with Mohammed
There's a lot of coding to be done, so I won't be there
Actually, Asr first.
Here
So we’d be at your house around 1:50
Leaving 1:30  inshaAllah
I have a parking permit
Send me your address. I think you’re on the way
Taking my sister to class
Want to go to GMU?
Right now
Are you off work?
I got home early
I don’t expect to be on until around maghrib time
You missed me getting ghosted
Say that to my face… in brawlhalla
We have a bad productivity reputation when it comes to in-person meetings.
And the admin stuff
Friday sprint? Finish the rest?
- Location picker
- Community profile
- Notifications
- Settings
- Event details
Salamualykum. When can we do our next sprint
toolbar
It's on the keyboard
Payload team has two or three 900mhz xbees. We can ask Wednesday if they’re in use.
You too
They should be in there. I left them on the table with the 3d printing desktop last time I was there.
Youssef Bahloul
akam.net
thank you
Youssef Bahloul
No problem
Hi Rachel. Is there a GitHub repository with the Unity project?
Won’t make the hike but I might make pickleball. Just let me know when you guys will be at Hellwig
Is fun
I’ll get back to you
Not certain but id probably be able to do one of them
download it to your phone if you havent yet
Just so you know, emailed you and tyzel the tickets yesterday
Subediahok900@gmail.com
looks like i can change it
ybahloul77@gmail.com
IT LOOKS LIKE A TOOTH
WRONG SCREEN
OOPS
HERE I'LL SHOW YOU
YOU KNOW?
WE HAVE THE OTHER PART COMPLETE IT
THAT'
RIGHT
I WAS THINKING
this
Hi Bri. Sorry for not responding to the email. We would’ve liked to attend, but we don’t have enough officers available that day.
The email says Friday the 29th. Is it actually on the 28th?
Thanks for the invite, Bri. It looks like a great event.
Hi Bri. You can email bahlouly@vcu.edu

if you could please also cc:

abdelrahmaaa@vcu.edu
parkynkh@vcu.edu
n=10
m^e=8
e =3
m= 2
c^d % n = m
m^e % n = c
b00tl3gRSA3
go wWinMain
no problem
I'm ready when you are
Are you confirmed for tomorrow, or do you want to find a better datetime?
I'm available before 10 tomorrow
How about Monday morning?
What times work for you?
Saturday morning?
what i miss
InshaAllah
is this free?
inspirational
we could be messaging this brother soon, inshaAllah
Thanks, Khuong. I needed this
Same here
you been scholarizing?
Salamualaykum akhi Khuong. You use a MacBook, right?
May Allah make things easier for you and reward you greatly.
You?
InshaAllah
Learning to become the master => mastering. InshaAllah
Looks like you've been mastering Arabic
Not much happening. Alhamdulillah, doing good. How about you?
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله وبركاته يا اخي
Off to east
Looking forward to seeing the swag
We followed Saudi
Is that what masjid yusuf is doing?
Eid Mubarak
I’m not
Alaykumsalam
Not this time
at home right now
Alhamdulillah
Salamualaykum Wa rahmatullahi Wa barakatu. How are you, Khuong?
Alaykumsalam Wa rahmatullahi Wa barakatu. I’m good, alhamdulillah. Miss you too. How’s everything?
Wa iyyak
I think this is it
Color Coded Tajweed Quran (Whole Qur'an Economic Version 7" x 9") by Dar Al-Ma'arifah مصحف التجويد https://a.co/d/fNHOKYf
While this isn’t the exact same as mine, the pages and coloring are. Also, I just noticed it’s small.
Colour Coded Tajweed Quran Arabic: 4 x 5.5 inches (cover color may vary) https://a.co/d/0bnItu2
The one I use all the time is from Amazon. It has highlighting for tajweed rules. I’ll see if I can link it
We’ve still got two weeks after break to make things happen
JazakAllah khair. Unfortunately I can’t make it. It’ll be going home to nova this afternoon, inshaAllah
I do
When’re you coming to the commons?
One of these days inshaAllah
mashaAllah
Yes. You been to ICVA?
alhamdulillah, how about you?
alaykumsalam
inshaAllah, I'll be in the library tomorrow
alaykumsalam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatu
On my way. 10 minutes
I can be there after maghrib
Salamualaykum. Will you be in the library between 2-4?
Wa iyyak. Let me know when you get to campus then
Where are you?
You left your wallet and earbuds
Salamualaykum Where are you
Salamualaykum. Jumuah Mubarak. Switched accounts?
Definitely
I’ll visit Richmond every once in a while. When I do, I’ll let you know.
No, don’t worry. That was on me as well. I didn’t follow through.
Have you gotten more into Muay Thai?
It’s good to hear that you’re doing better. 
I’m back in NOVA now.
Hey Charles. How’s it going? I’m doing fine. Having trouble finding work, so I’m trying to figure out what to do now.
Let's do it. Some day the week after next?
Pretty cool that he was so into it that he installed Arch.
Yea, I scroll through it sometimes and saw pewdiepie, so I watched it.
That video was a wake up call for me
Also, I finally decided to go full linux on my windows laptop
I'm also good. Doing an internship in Professor Irfan's lab
Congrats!
Hey, Charles. How are you doing?
Use this link to friend me on Chess.com and let's play sometime! 

https://link.chess.com/friend/2O9aM7
Thanks Charles. The accomplishment is yours as well. Your leadership had a lasting, vital impact on the team.
It was awesome. Lots of fun, and I’m really happy with the team.
I’m good. Yea, it’s this weekend.
How are you doing, Charles?
I can relate to you. Sometimes I’ll tell myself subconsciously that I shouldn’t try something since I’ve started too late to be good at it.
Not good, but I passed the class.
Have you been able to set aside this time nowadays?
What would you have done differently?
Nothing to regret. I wasn’t in a good headspace for that class anyway and wasn’t putting in the work.
I’m glad we met up this semester. I think hearing about your tough situation last semester and seeing how you’re moving on gave me a good example to follow.
Thanks Charles. This means a lot.
I feel good. I’m glad to have this break. Looking forward to taking it easy with friends and family, but also to work on the stuff I had to drop in favor of studying.
It was tough getting to terms with my grades this semester, but I think I’m getting over it.
It went horrendously. I left a few questions blank.
hey. i missed your call
Let me know when you start
Cool
Where and when will you be doing crypto prep tomorrow?
Would you still like to compete with the team? We have an online ctf this Saturday with Hack the Box and the virtual qualifier for MACCDC on Jan. 18th.
No problem
Thank you. I’ll see you this afternoon
I’d love to join you if you both don’t mind.
You should come to the meeting next monday at 4pm. We're planning to play among us. Dr. Sonmez might even participate.
Hey Charles. There's a lot to memorize, which I find daunting.
I appreciate those words. Are you part of the org?
Why’s that?
Charles do you like peanut butter cookies?
I will be Tuesday
I was thinking of listing them under extracurriculars, maybe stating skills that I developed from each.
Hey Charles. What do you think of listing online CTFs (such as MetaCTF and Cloud CTF) on a resume?
I’m returning to nova tomorrow afternoon until next semester. I’m alright to wait until then but I’m also alright if you find someone who’ll take them before then
That sounds good. Thanks Charles.
I think my legs are longer.
I’d take it. Can’t return them?
Are you guys back in the room?
Thanks
Im a little confused on the terminals
Could we go over kali Linux before the gaming starts?
Hey Charles. Will you be at the Linux meeting tomorrow?
Appreciated. I’ve submitted it.
Hey. Sorry. Can I still submit the form?
Thanks Charles
Hi Charles. This is Youssef. I’m interested in CTF.
No problem. Good luck
will fix b3 and resend
I'll email it to Emperor Damevski. Can you add it to our repo?
Good catches
i made the switch from software meetings to vr in the doc
I'll send it in a minute.
Thanks Theus. I just finished the report. Can you look it over for glaring issues before I send it to Kostadin?
Yes to both. There’s an announcement on canvas. Business casual I think.
This is your kill Theus. Also, it looks like the last screenshot was cut off a little.
Thanks <@367640121463537664>
Thank you Theus
I’m finishing it today
We should try to move our conversation to the other server.
The unity emotion capture demo were making is only outputting sad as the perceived emotion. The problem could be with the model we’re using. I haphazardly trained it.
Do you guys have a fer-2013 trained model lying around?
Make sure to push your scripts to the github when you get the chance.
you can also try separating each output into its own text file
Do you think it would be possible/simple to train a model with all of the datapoints on one csv?
We’d need to know how google trained that model
You were able to get results for each image in fer?
Why? It’s already trained isn’t it?
Take a look at the other settings. I saw other configurations in the documents. It’d be best if we can convert the entire dataset.
If you’re using mediapipe, you can lower the minimum face detection confidence.
What does the output look like for each image?
status <@274722506055614465> <@1011326471610060881>
We’re having a sprint soon
Working with the VR team on creating the custom dataset for training
Alright
When you and Aryan have time, test out your model on the test set of fer 2013. I have it downloaded, I can probably transfer it to you through FileZilla right?
Is it a unique avatar for each image?
Remind me again: this model is trained on only avatar images?
What’s the accuracy?
How could you tell if a picture was corrupt?
All of them were in the same folder?
Oh. I forgot about that
I’m guessing you didn’t run it over night
conda install torch torchvision torchaudio
wget <url>
wget
I'll email it to Kostadin tomorrow
and on edusourced
can you put it in our github?
I'll put it into edusourced
good work
it's done
yea, im gonna put c.2 in a table
will do, there's no reason i shouldn't help
are you good for c <@367640121463537664> ? I highly recommend chatgpt
yes, i think just completed stuff for now
the formatting is off, but I can correct that right before submission
i shared it in m365
I'll share that
Sorry, I jumped to the word doc
sections A and B are done
which part is troubling you?
Yes, I did. Do you want to go over that today?
Make sure you're logged into your VCU account to access the above.
it's starting now
We can have the meeting tomorrow. No rush
im here
Let’s try to meet tonight then.
When you asked if it was ok to add Miles, I thought you were asking in this server.
No problem
How’s @everyone doing? Would you like to meet sometime today?
haven't yet done it. It's due on Oct. 11
i thought the same
IBM has their workshop until 7pm in W101 today. Don’t think we have class
Will be there shortly
Good idea. Usually there’s space in the front left of class
It'll be submitted by the end of the day. Yes, only one submission per group.
Meet me at the bottom of the stairs
Are any of you here?
Do you all have any time Friday morning before 11? If not, I'll make it Thursday.
We could use the Thursday block of the senior design class to meet since we are all free then. 

Here's a when2meet we can use to determine meeting times: https://www.when2meet.com/?26135345-8wBGe
Good now. Thanks, Angelina.
Still the same
I only see the two photos Jeyson uploaded
Doors are closed
On my way
خير مبارك
jummuah mubarak
Does anyone have <@452873873428316160> ‘s phone number? He forgot some stuff and I’m trying to find him
Went to Masjid Yusuf
I provided a range of days
which day?
Erick's a wuss, he probably won't play
We can do 10-12th
I can't. I'm able to Thu-Sat
Thanks Kate for sending that
Erick -> Me
during the day devour?!!?
DEVOUR
Good luck Hussein
Devouring <@660098791571062784> ?
Im getting on @elshowaya @zheng
No problem
You can start then, but I’ll join at 10:30
Can’t
i choose sleep
DVour at 10:30pm?
I’m activating my turing machine
Opinions? <@660098791571062784> <@759492636083748885>
A compelling suggestion
Tomorrow night devour?
DEVOURERS
Are you doing BEYA this year?
let's do it
pickle/soccer tomorrow?
What do you think?
black box is a good way to put it
same here
I'm curious about her predictions
Hey. Oh yea it was pretty entertaining and a lot of what she said made sense to me.
Yea. I stopped short of the end.
Alright. Thanks <@1148995646246883349> and <@1131935268077838456>
That makes more sense, but in lecture 1.3 at timestamp 17:24, Professor Lee says NLR is the end-to-end for one packet. The textbook also says this:
I've also got some stuff that needs to be done. If anyone has time, just text me.
I have an idea. We should discuss Saturday if not sooner, inshaAllah.
I like the Muslim services ads idea. Like if Qahwah house wanted to promote on our app
I meant ideas for new ventures.
This was our claude brainstorm chat
join the voice channel and all will become clear
WE'RE BUILDING AN APP
MUSLIM YOUTH RESURRECTION
Successful?? -> NOVA MY APP
RICHMOND MUSLIM YOUTH APP (RVA MY APP)
Muslim Companio nApp (All-in-one)
-Nearby masjids (with links)
-Prayer times based on location with notifications and Adhan
-Nearby Halal food/restaurants (with links)
-Qibla
-Quran with translation
did you guys figure it out
oops
yo i kicked you out the whole server on accident
im in the voice channel
Turning on my pc
My bad
and record it
voice channel
Yo join the server
You too
Good morning Professor, I've emailed you my submission for A6, and it's also submitted on gradescope. Unit6&7 hw is also submitted on gradescope. Thank you again for the extension
Awesome. Thanks!
Is unit6&7 hw only on gradescope? The canvas module points me to gradescope but I can't open it up.
Got it. Thank you
Thank you. Should I submit them directly to you or through gradescope?
Thanks. That worked
Refreshing relentlessly hasn’t solved the issue
Hi Professor. I’m trying to take the exam right now and I’ve been stuck on this page:
I see it now. thanks 😁
Good morning Professor. For 311, is there a Unit 5 Pt 2 lecture recording available from 2/27/24? I think it’s missing from canvas.
Maybe some other time then
No worries. Best of luck with school and work 👍
Looks good. Can you also add "None" as an option to the "What emotion did you feel" question?
bahlouly@vcu.edu right?
Where can I find it?
I think we should just keep questions on the survey.
How's the survey coming along?
Ok. Make sure to communicate with Aryan. You two and Philip will do tomorrow’s pilot study.
For a pilot study?
Yea. Can you meet tomorrow with Aryan between 1 to 3:30pm?
Hey Zanika. Everything ok?
No rush. It’s fine if you just bring it with you to the lab next time you go.
Hey Zanika. Do you have the charging station for the vr controllers? It should have been in package when you got the quest pro last semester.
Hey Zanika. Any progress so far this week?
And if you want help with anything
Sounds good. Let me know how it goes
Hey Zanika. You’re in nova for the weekend right?
The clickup invite might already be in your VCU email
I’ll fill out the google doc. I was also thinking of using clickup. I’ll send a link tomorrow.
Yesterday we were trying to get the demo working. The one with aura and the onnx model in unity. We’re still having some difficulties with it so we’ll try again possibly tomorrow.
I’ve sent a request to Natalia as well
Hi Zanika. I’m trying to make a group for the three of us doing VR in this project.
I can be there in 30 minutes
Good work <@365628507843330060>
What are you guys doing?
On my way
I haven’t. The impedance mismatch is news to me
Will be there soon
Running late
No meeting today?
Thanks
Will there be a meeting today?
go through crescent
both I think
This was in the Palo Alto course:
https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/iron-skillet
I don't think that'll be necessary Bo.
We'd get too many requests to filter them by eye. Trying to do so would hurt our service response time.
I’m heading there. If you go to the CS office you can ask them to open our door
Yea we can setup a discord call.
We’ll be in E4224
There’s practice today at 8pm, right?
Hi, I'm Youssef. I'm new to GMU and looking forward to BJJ next semester.
wa jazak ❤️
You might be able to just use your vcu email as proof
I might have shared this with you already:
codex
arstechnica.com/ai/2026/04/anthropic-tested-removing-claude-code-from-the-pro-plan/
i think that was a test, not an official change in the plan
awesome
check the gmail chat
Awesome. Thanks, Rebecca
granted
A new folder would be fine
I think they might be on CCI’s page
Wifi password for "Cyber" is "Cyb3r2025"
On our way back. Is it dinner time?
GO NILEEE
NILEEEEE
We left
Kevon, Erick, and I are in Qimonda.
Anyone need anything printed while I’m at the library?
Yea. You should be allowed to confirm a little while after applying. Just a few questions.
I filled out an application
I’m up for it
Is anyone interested in doing UVA’s hackathon happening March 23-24? Registration closes tomorrow
Couldn't take the suspense. We forfeited.
grady look
it might be on the big screen on the front of the room
i see you
Slow elevator
Grady and I are on our way down
I think we won’t come back
Good morning
I can do that
I can make it
In person?
Works
I’m good for tomorrow
I’m also unavailable Thursdays from 3:30 to 4:30, sorry. I’ll update that in the app.
Maybe we could pick two of those times like you mentioned before.
What’s the deadline for registering on IMLleagues and paying dues?
We’re getting emails and push notifications now
Yea that's fine
Should I change it?
Yea i thought that's what we were going for
Any crashes so far?
Never mind. As soon as I returned to the app, the issue returned.
Is it just me, or is the infinite scroll of the tickets no more?
Need to get this to verify our llc with google play
I'm able to download and view them. I'll get back to you when I try implementing them in the code.
Just the messages
It’s a private repository. You’d need a GitHub and I’d  need to add you as a collaborator. There’s nothing really to see except code. Just wanted to show the updates here.
He should have gotten one of me trying to keep up with you explaining  the web problem
reverse
nooooooooo
Shillman hall
Caolan!!! Hurry!!!
Morning. You coming to alumni hall?
Make sure to connect with the team if you have LinkedIn. Check the server channel
Sounds good
Apparently they’re open till 8
You should come to Stetson food court
By the way, my phone’s about to die
Have you eaten?
We arrived on campus
Tell me about it
Almost to northeastern
We’re on the T.
Unfortunately
I don’t think anyone is going today
I’ll ask. What time is it?
So long as we don’t hit too many side quests.
We’ll head back soon.
Bloody ‘ell
We’re almost to bunker hill
You guys still at the comics?
Yo we’re going to bunker hill
Hi. Are you Toby?
UkFNX0NURntTdGF5X1R1bmVkX0Zvcl9QYXJ0XzIuLi59
March 31st
Can he handle it? This chat isn’t called John Wick mode for nothing.
I’m good for Friday after 1
Salamualaykum. Unfortunately, I don’t have a spot in the current code path semester
Still waiting for confirmation
InshaAllah. I'm doing the test now
I'll signup, but Tuesday 6-8 is busy for me
You?
I haven’t been. I need to get on it
Jummuah Mubarak. Sorry, I didn’t know I missed that message
Alhamdulillah it was a good week. InshaAllah, almost done.
How was your week?
Jummuah mubarak
Alaykumsalam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatu
Jummuah Mubarak
No worries. I have a class at 11 on Fridays anyway so it might be tough
I’ll be in engineering east most of the day inshaAllah. Stay strong without me
On my way
I’m going to go get food. InshaAllah I’ll be back for Maghreb
I prayed
Where are you
Library?
alaykumsalam, good alhamdulillah. how are you doing?
yea, each one will have different rulings/interpretations, but they align for major issues
I haven't paid much attention to madhabs. Moroccans typically follow Maliki, so I likely have some influence from that school.
i dont
inshaAllah, you can do it
are you in a program at ICVA? with brother faisal?
Alhamdulillah, I can read the quran without issue. Understanding it has also become easier
My arabic is a bit broken. I'm somewhat conversational in Darija, which is the moroccan dialect
yes, integrate your senior design project with icna
Yes. He runs the operation, mashallah
A lot to study for this weekend. May Allah help us through it.
alhamdulillah, all good. How was the week? Midterms went well?
Unfortunately not this jummuah, there are some brothers i need to meet tomorrow. You should try the VCU jummuah this time. We'd finally get to meet up
Will see, inshaAllah. I’ve also gotta study for 440 and 310
Yes. Dr Nishi
Ameen
Not likely. I’m cramming for some midterms until Wednesday inshaAllah
do you commute to vcu?
yea, broad street
inshaAllah, that'd be great. jazakallah khair
Originally from Morocco, but born and raised in Manassas/Woodbridge
If I had a car, I would probably do the same. I've been to ICVA once, not ICR. It's a pretty large Masjid isn't it?
Alhamdulillah
MashAllah, I didn’t know you were Muslim. It was an awesome surprise to see you in the reflection room. Jazakallah khair
Sounds good
My class ends around 1:45, I’ll go to the library then. Will you still be there?
Salamualaykum Khuong. I meant to talk to you, I just had gotten a message and had to meet someone. Will you be on campus tomorrow inshaAllah?
Also consider bolding your quantifiers (like **99%** and **300+**) to make your impacts pop out to readers.
Also, Dr Lemza advised me to put my skills above my work experience. That might be worth considering.
Hi Ogaga. You’re approved for pico, and if you send me your resume I can take a look.
I’m there
Might be later than 8:15
Do you have any videos?
I’ll show you tomorrow, and if you think we should change the values it’ll be a simple thing to do.
I used the ones from chat. I’m getting pretty good results from myself.
so i dont have to save them from the doc, which i think lowers the quality
the image files
yes and the action unit combinations
Natalia, can you send me the raw images that you and Aryan put in the google doc?
Sounds good
We’ll meet today at 2
Yes. It’s always open to anyone
I've done assignment 3, so if you still need help let me know.
Nothing major. We just talked about a bug in the unity app and our plan to start sending out emails for recruitment.
Not yet
Haven’t gotten to it
Can you bring all the accessories that came with your headset?
I don’t.
Rebecca told me you had to reset bots before you could execute them
Not yet
Hey. Do you have lab access on the weekends?
im almost done with it
I haven't started it yet. I will tonight and let you know.
can you send me the edit link
Hey Natalia. I requested edit access to the google form for videos.
Can you bring your headset today? I think we should keep one in the lab.
I’ll check them out
For the vertical only ones, you’ll probably have to look for alternatives.
Can you leave them your headset?
Can you meet Aryan, Philip, and Zanika tomorrow at 1 for a pilot study?
also, i already knew what that was going to be, and i think a lot of people have encountered it
are you trying to kill our subjects?
Also, are you available Friday 10:30am for another pilot study?
I think vertical videos might be awkward in vr. It’s essentially like a movie theater.
I think logos are fine, but we probably want landscape videos.
Hey Natalia. Any update to the videos?
Can you bring your vr headset next time you go to the lab so we can set it up for a dedicated workstation?
We’re here
once you have attached this to a game object in your editor, drag the Aura With Tongue First Person into the field of that game object named "faceExpressions;"
This should work
I gotta run
I'll show you soon
can't use wireshark?
never
thank you
no problem
Don't forget to share the readings when you get the chance
Hey, Natalia. Can you send me the articles you've read on landmarks in unity?
Ok. If you want to practice on other days, maybe we can set something up.
Hey. It’ll start at 2, but I’ll stay past 4, so you can still join.
Hey. How’s the landmark application going?
Sorry, I’ll have to push back to another day
How about tomorrow afternoon?
If you want to work through cybersecurity challenges together during break, let me know. I’ll be doing them anyway.
We’ll start meeting again when the semester starts. We’ll announce the new meeting time in the discord when we decide.
They waste no time.
I thought you’d stay in the homeland the entire break. Is basketball waiting for you?
no meeting
I updated the task list
Which is why I asked in the server for someone to try pulling the env I made; to make sure there’s no issue.
when you can, push your unity environment for the videoplayer onto the repo
sorry, im back
How does it look in vr?
We usually stay past 5
E4224
We’ll meet today if you want to  come.
We need to be able to edit them. Are they open source?
Let me know when you can
Not this Monday. If you’d like, we could call and do some cybersecurity challenges.
We meet Mondays at 4pm
Good luck at the game. Temple was a fluke.
I'll try your code. I won't be in Richmond after Friday (for break), but we can still meet virtually.
no error, just no detected emotion output
Prof Damevski was saying we might be asking for the output too quickly and need to wait for the execution to finish
most likely in the emotionrecognition script at this part:
```
worker.Execute(input); 
Tensor output = worker.PeekOutput();
```
the procedure of the research paper has us grayscale the images as part of the preprocessing before feeding them to the model
it didnt seem to make a difference between those two
Research on barracuda and specifically the Worker class in barracuda. Any information on how to run inference with machine learning models using barracuda would be helpful.
Hey. Sorry, I haven’t updated the repo yet, I’ll do that now. I’ll also check my editor.
Is this what you do?
Data will come from the headset. The headset is input to your pc through quest link. So your pc is running the project and the headset is the input.
I dont think I build into the headset. I still need to be connected to my pc.
Can you run it from unity with your headset connected?
You still get the error?
What room are you near?
Are you already there?
Where in temple?
I can meet you in temple
Where’s your class?
Cool. I’ll ask him about my connection issue
The landmark code?
I’ll keep trying to get my headset to connect
I can at 2:15
Still meeting today, or do you prefer tomorrow?
Current student
Brother
Youssef Bahloul
Hey where’d you go
She attached this
Actually, I just received a reply from Nadia.
Did you try the CS office on the fourth floor? The one before the room we met in on Monday.
It might be that Nadia won’t get back to me until tomorrow, but I’ll be in East then. I’ll be able to check the room and ask the office.
I don’t remember. I’ll email Nadia. She might’ve seen it if she walked in afterwards.
or are you talking about displaying the angle on the serial monitor?
do you have the gui code?
was weight updating when we were pressing on it
Cats fed
I’m heading home
We can do it after spring break, inshaAllah
let me know when you're up and ready
JazakAllah khair
Salamualaykum. Can I run the study on you tomorrow morning? Just in the apartment.
I’m feeding the cats
Going to taraweh
Faris, it’s not going to work this Friday. Maybe during the weekend on next week, inshaAllah
Salamualaykum. Are you available this Friday at 10:30am for no more than an hour?
Salamualaykum. Can I enter your room to pet Nico Robin?
Heading down
Yes please
Salamualaykum. What time are you leaving tomorrow, and do you have room in your car for one more?
do you have screwdrivers?
No problem, I got one
Salamualaykum. Do you happen to have an empty flash drive?
do you want me to bring one back for you?
we're gonna go get smoothies at 7. coming?
Yea. If I can’t find it, I’ll have to do that.
JazakAllah khair for checking. I must have dropped it elsewhere.
Salamualaykum Faris. Tropical smoothie around 3-4?
Calibrating the load cell I assume
Say again
Andre had them in arduino
Doesn’t matter. As far as I know.
The offset and scale are unchanged from when I got them.
This is the code. The only thing is the offset and scale are unknowns with the new load cell. Also, ensure that the offset and scale are added in arduino or python, but not both.
Prayed Magrib yet?
Sorry I should have let you know yesterday. I’m working on that. I can have it by this evening inshaAllah.
No diagonal sampling now; just take the first value for each O/F right?
Alaykumsalam. Is there more to the input file now? NASA cea returns gamma, chamber temp, and mbar?
in the example txt you gave me, how many exits are there?
bahlouly@vcu.edu
Alaykumsalam
InshaAllah. Good idea
Salamualaykum warahmatullahi wabarakatu Faris. InshaAllah I will be looking for a place next semester with Mohammed, who you might remember from  iftar. You’re welcome to move in with us.
Thrust curve is going to be Time versus Thrust in newtons?
bahlouly@vcu.edu
V00971107
that sounds horrific though. can't imagine how it must have felt
bodily destruction is the mark of any true athlete
did you win the game?
how?
Salamualaykum Faris. May Allah grant you shifa. Hopefully, I’ll see you Friday inshaAllah.
Actually gonna go solo
Salamualaykum. Do you want to partner up? I have to brush up on my calc but I'm gonna sign up
I'll stop by
I'm going to inspect the conditions for reading and writing data inshaAllah later this weekend.
I don't think we're collecting data, since we tested the previously working code on 3 laptops and none of them produced populated graphs or spreadsheets.
I took main.py and removed anything to do with plotting live graphs and added code for building a spreadsheet
Alaykumsalam.
No problem. I'll be back tomorrow and I'm planning to test the data saving feature of the code at the Friday meeting inshaAllah. Will you be there?
May Allah accept from you and your family
Eid Mubarak!
Salamualaykum. No, I can’t make tonight unfortunately.
Thanks
Hey Robert. Hope everything's good. Could you please join the Cybersecurity Competition Team on RAMSconnect when you get the chance? This is to meet VCU requirements for being a club.
The id was 2
Change both tokens in the local storage
Robert, we were doing the challenge correctly
To decrypt 
"steghide extract -sf <cover_file> -p <passphrase>"
Will be back in about 5
VMware incase:
https://www.techspot.com/downloads/189-vmware-workstation-for-windows.html
We have two channels to plan our world domination with
This is alright with me, I haven’t gotten much work done today
I’m going to flawless sweep you next time. I’ll have my pro paddle with me next week
I shan’t be pickling this weekend my dearest of picklers.
That should be fine.
Good luck Daniel
We could potentially get some games going
I’m planning to be there with a friend at 8
I have something at 3:30
Up to you guys
Alright. Sunday 7am bright and early. Glad we came to an agreement
Picklers
Chest tomorrow 8:30?
Next Thursday
We should all participate. Our scores won’t be public
B@ck1nStyle213
You guys want to later this night?
usually afternoon - night
Deep rock galactic .12
Same
Please
Erick
Pico this evening?
where were we on the board
i am deeply saddened
we need an apartment
an apartment
it's gotta be near here
LOOK FOR IT
look for the address erick
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
IT RUIND MY LIFE
I ATTEMPTED THIS AT CYBERFUSION
THAT IS THE PROBLEM
THAT'S THE PROBLEM
DOC ROX
ERICK
ERICK
ANALYZE
ANALYSZE
ARE YOU FAMILIAR WITH .DB FILES
ERICK
THE ADDRESS
ONE LEFT
ERICK CALL
TOO MANY FILES
IM SENDING YOU THE EVIDENC
LOOK AT THE BIKE THEIVES QUESTIONS
WE HAVE TIME YOU FOOL
got part 5
it wasnt in there
got it
nevermind
let me know if you have any insights
i've tried: 
5406174931
+15406174933
we have one attempt left for the phone number of the pawn shop
We’re close to part 2
Got part 1
i must be missing something, this isn;t working
Bike thieves part 2
You bozos got sanitize? Good job
I’m not going to make it in time
Let loose Erick
i told you not to use the hint
you got it?
I'll try to soon
Probably
How's it going chefs?
You’ve done a fine job soldier. Nile and I will take it from here.
Stay strong
I’ve discovered my mistake
I meant the starting file
SVG file right?
Binwalk -e
I ran that and got 0bytes
What have you done?
Binwalk this way?
Doesn’t matter what sha384 looks like. You won’t crack anything encrypted with sha without a key
Why do you ask
any leads on the spaceship one?
FRAG OUT
Do what you do best
Baaaa
Yes Nile
I’ve decided to go to sleep. I expect a complete write up from both of you on a medium level picogym challenge by tomorrow morning.
chefs, do we have time to advance our cyber skills by doing some challenges this evening? the cyber range competition approaches quickly
they had to try so hard to win
nile weighed the team down
blahblahblah
penn state university
i'm ready
Will be on soon
Excellent
When are you both free
Yo. Do you guys have time this evening to call?
No. I’ve forgotten to ask
I urge you and <@408715368249557002> to apply if you haven’t already
It’s remote
Have you lads applied?
If before 3pm
If you guys want to get food, we could get halal munchies on Cary street and eat at the commons
False
You always see me with one
If not, you can just ask the receptionist there for directions
I think it’s the office on the fourth floor of East hall
Does it say spookynile?
Have you guys grabbed yours?
Only $50
Probably would have been $100 each if we placed 1st
Email was sent with times and locations
Try to make time to grab your prizes:
perfect
do you work thursday at 8?
nile and i going to get chinese food
or the study grind for finals cracked him
nile definitely got hacked
Address?
taste of china
What a hacker would say
Did you get hacked?
What
Congratulations team. We finished in 2nd place.
Us entering new China taste
Reveal the truth
There’s no use Erick
When Thursday
Are you guys available to eat at New China Taste together sometime next week? We could celebrate our accomplishments in this CTF and take a break from the study grind.
are you sure??
try now but twice
wait dont
please try again
I'm only receiving local data
I'm not getting the info you guys enter
but im being serious
very funny erick
but that shouldn't make a difference
do it again but click log in rather than press enter
I don't see it
I’ll confirm
Can one of you see if this works? Try opening the site and entering a random username and password. 
https://riotgamesleaguesupport.000webhostapp.com/
Alright. Time to learn backend
What would you two say to taking our success to another one of these starting May 18th? Also remote.
i should've made the riot gmail earlier
i got complacent
you're right
im upset
i just wanted first
dont know
it's over
but the first team to get first is first
but now we can't get first
before we could get the phshing reply
they figured out the hash
scoreboard
we lost
it's over erick
zreus figured it out
we lost
been an hour
to our phishing email
waiting for a response
capitalized?
you found it there?
try sqlmap
for duncan you won't find his password in rockyou
are you using sqlmap.txt?
which is why it takes 4 hours to finish
Do you mean it works when you use custom wordlists but it fails when you use rockyou or sqlmap?
Successful cracks took around a minute or two.
I've never used hashcat, but maybe this'll help:
https://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/crack-shadow-hashes-after-getting-root-linux-system-0186386/
Skip to "Cracking Hashes with Hashcat"
where you able to crack the other hashes besides duncan?
with kali linux, a lot of the commonly used word lists are pre-installed, but looking up sqlmap.txt will show you results for downloads off github
merci
good idea
I emailed another attempt at the phishing email. While I wait for a response I'll try to learn how to create a survey that can store stolen passwords.
chatgpt is the 4th Cyber Chef
Also Erick you definitely tanked your KD with that strategy.
I'll see about the phishing
i thought it would be a verb
The sqlmap.txt word list contained the correct password
It's done
do you guys want to convene?
So I'm thinking sha512
Paul and Duncan have the same id
I'm trying to replace the current salt of duncan's hash with the other two salts.
perhaps; however, this isn't the only challenge with a misspell which makes me skeptical. The wayback challenge also misspells "requirements".
kali linux has it preinstalled
if you look up rockyou.txt you'll find downloads on github
yes I agree
any ideas <@347199989329559582>
I think something is wrong with duncan's hash
yes, if you don't provide a wordlist for john to go through, it will attempt a brute force attack which will go on for hours without an end in sight
i used john the ripper in combination with a wordlist
our progress looks like this: {CONTENT REDACTED}
ok. I've gotten 2/3 of the passwords, I'm running out of ideas on how to crack the last one belonging to user: duncan
how far have you gotten
how did you get that one?
Well done Erick
from openoffice:
{CONTENT REDACTED}
from powerpoint
the second?
if you convert the given string from hex twice, you'll get the flag
did you receive a reply to the chatgpt email? <@408715368249557002>
headturn?
Erick how did you solve hidden in plain sight?
ready?
We can vc soon. I'll be on in 10-15
try Stegsolve. You can apply different color filters and it might make less of the picture visible at once. Can't remember how i accessed stegsolve, but the download is available on github
i think this is it
Doing great lads. We've achieved 5th place.
which one?
challenges permitting only limited attempts will specify that as being the case in the description
I though of using the Internet Wayback Machine for that one
excellent
can you try "The Internet is Forever" under Forensics?
it's important to be able to manipulate ai in order to instill mass hysteria and panic in potential cyber attackers
unfortunately i wasnt logged in to save it, but it went something like:
>Youssef Bahloul has solved P=NP, the breakthrough was recent
>That's great
>So who solved it?
>No one
you should see my attempt at that challenge
send the email
You're a super genius
I tried doing a github related challenge earlier. Maybe you could have a look <@347199989329559582>. It has to do with inspecting earlier commits for deleted info
Currently 6th place.
Thank you.
Hey. Sorry about that. I canceled, since I likely won’t be able to make most meetings.
it was a pleasure. Good luck at Captech and your future. This project turned us into firsthand friends
you dont see docs?
submitting deliverable7 html
gradescope likes it
pushed
The header for the video says "Design video" in the report. Was that already there in the scaffold or should I replace it with  "Implementation video"
as in my face
you think it's ok that my video doesn't show up?
video is converting
Most of the pages just perform CRUD operations. Let's clear this up on zoom
do you mean with just the screenshots to show implementation or both of us run the demo?
video time?
it's merged
is there a way we do this so we dont blow up?
let's merge then
ok cool
sure. I'm not able to see changes when i checkout your branch
ive also pushed to mine
no it's fine
I added another page, do you need the screenshot or should we just demo it in the vid?
status?
I'll redo the hospitals one
how's the report?
a json error when i was posting to the php endpoint for adding patients
i got patients working
tells me version is obsolete and will be ignored
i get a warning, not an error
what are you doing that's getting you the error?
yea. arent you?
can you please docker compose in the apache-remote-mysql folder, open localhost:3000 and check to see if you can add patients?
im really losing it on adding patients
i don't think it's a bad idea
awesome, will do
alright
We've got that. All of them run, but not all of them return data.
I'm actively working on this branch, by the way
git push --set-upstream origin youssef-branch
should i push?
Kyle
can't actually see my branch
I shouldn't have to merge, right? Or get off the branch?
try **git checkout remotes/origin/youssef-branch**
I just committed again
if you cant see my branch, try **git branch -a**
the front end and back end are communicating
just got reports working
youssef-branch
I'll get back around 4 after that
No problem. Best of luck with the exam. I'll keep working on this until class at 2.
The compose file needs to be modified. Right now, it only accounts for the apache-php server and not the web interface.
we can use **docker compose down** to take down the container
docker **compose up -d** to run it
Check out my branch when you get the chance. I copied your php over and added a reports.php that reports.jsx fetches from. I'm just trying to figure out the docker to run the whole thing.
I've got a working front end with a reports page. We can work on connecting that to the backend. I've also got a DDL file.
Awesome. I'll check it out and keep working tomorrow as well.
What I'm wondering, is how this would work: "Your web site should contain a Reports page with 20 queries selectable from a menu.  Each report should run."
Yes.
I expect the DLL to be simple, since I can copy from a previous assignment and adjust.
Erick also confirmed
So for our database connection, I assume we'll use either your creds or mine?
clever
You brought one of those apache folders from the docker practice right?
then i was able to git checkout
Oh I see it. I added -a
I see your branch in github, but is there a way I can check it out locally? I can't see it when I **git branch**.
Hi Kyle. Hope you’re good as well. Haven’t started yet, but I’m going to this afternoon.
So rerender and resubmit the html
Updated the index html, there was some placeholder text to replace.
One more thing
Thanks
Sounds good, Kyle. No worries
No problem.
requested now
Hey Kyle. I'm working on the deliverable-5.qmd and will make a merge request in a few hours.
Ok setting up a meeting
Ready to record?
Sounds good, I'll do the same
I can help with the charts. Doing the "Problem desc" and "Database design" split for the whole assignment would be completely unfair. I think for a general video report we can do that.
Have you been to the recent lectures? If so, I think you'd be stronger with "Database design".
What do you think of splitting our speeches. One of us takes "Problem Description" the other takes "Database design".
I'm thinking we can knock out the video at about 3, maybe before depending on how long my senior design meeting takes.
Hey Kyle. What time are you available tomorrow?
Yes. Wednesday?
Thanks, Kyle. I’ll check it out soon.
Awesome. It looks great
I've merged my branch and am pushing main
vcu email wise
are you kjones47?
saved locally
take your time. im hunting for a good place to record in the library
Gonna send a zoom invite soon
awesome
I've written the script for problem domain. Would it help for you to see it?
I'll shoot for 4:30.
That's fine. What time would you like to record?
Are you available this evening to do the video pitch?
I created our shared repo, so you should be able to find and join it when you click on the link in the slides.
Hey Kyle. I’d prefer Sunday. We can asynchronously chat about our decided project and what to say on Friday and Saturday.
That's good news. I appreciate that.
We have time to think about it, though. Our video pitch is due Sunday.
Hey Kyle. Are you watching the zoom?
I'm really liking 1, 8, 19, 20
V00971107
Awesome. I’ll send my v# soon and we can submit the assignment.
Do you want to team up?
Yea, im Youssef. Daniel said you still needed a partner for 408.
Hi. Are you Kyle Jones?
No problem. Thanks for letting me know.
Hey Roman. Is there any news?
Alright. Thanks
Is the competition limited to only UR students? Can VCU teams participate?
Hi Roman. Is it alright if I ask you a couple of questions about the UR CTF starting tomorrow afternoon?
Yes. Clicking the link actually sends $100 to my bank account from yours.
Hey, team! You can get $100 worth of credits to use in codex by verifying your student email:

https://chatgpt.com/codex/students/?partner_id=handshake&utm_source=handshake
My pleasure. Good to see you too, Dr Sonmez!
This is a fairly long drive from Richmond, but if anyone has an open Tuesday:
https://techandcyber.vfairs.com/?utm_medium=email&_hsmi=397756264&utm_content=397756264&utm_source=hs_email
Thanks Sam for sharing that. Definitely looks worth checking out.
Blew my mind
I played it. The horror ambience is very cool.
Excellent
Thanks. Yes I have.
Yousselfie
Looks good 👍
Hey Keeley. I'm still working on my rocket, and I've also gotta wait for the motor retainers to arrive. I'll have to drop out again. I'm sorry if this inconveniences you.
Hey Keeley. I’m sorry for the back and forth, but if you still have space I can get my rocket done for April 12-14th.
Hi Keely. I’m registered for the launch this weekend, but I won’t be going.
I don’t know how much time we’ll have at the hotel, but we can try to do jummuah. I can give a short khutbah from my phone.
Hey Kevon. Thanks for reaching out. I hope you enjoy the holiday break!
How about you?
I'm good! The grind is going fine.
Also good. How’s the competitive experience been for you so far?
How’s it going, Kevon?
I remember them saying we could email the guy in charge of challenges (Thomas Weeks) for answers.
I remember doing one with Rebecca. Should be files in the team’s google drive.
Awesome
How was the welcome back event?
The board is good. i was referring to the  meme
I expected more from you
Good. Job search is tough, but I'm getting some attention. Studying is also good.
Hey Kevon. How are you? Going into your last semester, right?
You too
Yea with Iran?
Hey Kevon. How're you doing?
Looks like a fun place. Is it California?
Holding up the gang sign?
Nice. Which one is you?
How about yours?
Mostly good. Having fun with coding.
Thanks Kevon. I'll check those out.
Yes, that sounds like a fun event.
Yes, Sam mentioned it.
How about you?
Good. Gonna go to my sister’s high school graduation next month.
Hey Kevon. How's it going with the web development?
And still use bootstrap or just use vanilla CSS
You could also just use HTML without flask
I’d look into using Flask to create a website. It’s relatively simple. To make it look good, bootstrap is also easy to pick up.

So python + html (Flask) + CSS (bootstrap)
Without programming?
What do you mean?
Thank you
Hey. We’ll meet one more time Monday. I want to talk to you about officerism. I think you should take up a position for you last semester.
And adding projects to my resume.
I want to land an entry level job in IT/cyber, so I'll continue applying and going to career fairs while studying for and taking certification exams.
You put a lot of hard work into the process. I hope you recognize your capability.
Did they give you any feedback?
I'm sorry, Kevon
That's hilarious. Makes me want to get the game even more
Did they say they’d share the writeups?
When you tried to unzip the php.zip it prompted for a password?
That’s cool. I thought it would be more complicated like some kind of manual text injection
I didn’t know WPscan was a thing.
Wish I could have helped more. I’m glad to hear it went well. Do you know your next steps?
How was the interview?
Maybe in the evening
This is yours for the taking
Keep trying if you can
Challenge should remain open for the rest of the day. If you have questions, let me know
How's it going? Is the CTF over?
Yea, I think both of them were.
Nice job on your progress.
It was slow. Not many people showed up.
I just realized how crazy this gif was
can you use "cat" to read the file contents
smbclient -L \\10.210.1.78 --no-pass -m SMB2
SMB2
smbclient -L \\<target_ip> --no-pass
smbclient \\\\<target_ip>\\<sharename> --no-pass
nmap -v -A <host>
sudo nmap -sU --script nbstat.nse -p139 <host>
nmap -v -A 10.255.1.23
Did you want to call? I can do so for a few minutes
a script for uploading?
Have you tried them all?
Any progress?
Is it the CTF?
Yea, im occupied
nano has it's own save and exit commands
It might depend. What state are you in? What did you run?
i think that's the list you would use to perform the dictionary brute-force attack to crack the user hashes
yea. "Full Pwn 2 Challenge"
I've never done a black-box challenge. That sounds fun. Can I make suggestions?
which one are you working on right now?
Snead
I’ve gotta run a study for senior design. I can drop by for a little, Hussein is waiting for me.
That challenge seems like “nOs4nity”
How’s it going?
And don’t stress, you’re very capable, Kevon.
Don’t spend too long on one challenge. If you’ve gone 15 minutes without any progress, consider moving on.
I also recommend documenting your work. It’s good practice and if you don’t complete a challenge, you’d still have something to show for it (your ideas).
It’s $6 on steam
Also, there’s a fun horror game i like to play with friends called Devour. You should get it if you want to play sometime
I can show you more detail tomorrow. Probably in the afternoon after class
Through the URL. After you upload your php script to create a shell, you can run commands in the url. It roughly would look like this:

http….url….cmd=sudo%20su
PIE time I haven’t tried yet
nOsanity had to do with lacking input sanitization.
I’ll look over them.
Oh nice. Is it pico?
It was good. How about yours?
it's a clue
look it up
Turned it into a simple web challenge. You can find it in the drive
It’s good, we have a relatively saturated reverse engineering section. Steg could use some attention
I modified the c program, but I was wrong to think this challenge would be solvable by ghidra. I might make it a steg problem in which you get the c code from something else.
latest code errors
should the player know how to combine the string when they look at ghidra?
A description for the challenge can give them an idea of what they’re looking for.
Well, what are the players looking for? What’s the flag format?
do you have a description file?
Rewrite it and send it
What about the volatile char unused variables?
What did you intend with these lines?

```
int result = 2 + 1 + 1 = 4
```

and 

```
volatile char **unused1 = key1;
volatile char **unused2 = key2;
volatile char **unused3 = key3;
```
Going to try it today
I’ll check it out
he's asleep?
You and Erick up?
My phone is about to die so call Erick or Nile if you need to
I’ll be there soon
Let’s meet in the lobby
Atrium in east hall
Erick and I are in qimonda. Meet us there
of course
A good place to start would be finishing the easy problems in picoctf. Maybe after doing those you'll have developed a preference of category.
No. It'll be multiple topics.
Yourself?
Yes. I'm doing good, thanks.
It's good fun
Oh. I didn't hear you.
Next time
Hey. I’m out of town right now.
The promises should be to ourselves, as we all joined the team to improve our skills, not impress Dr. Sonmez. Kate and I have some ideas that we’ll discuss next Monday.
you?
Not yet.
got it. Thanks Kevon
E4224. Competition itself ends at 4pm.
You as well!
Yea, it’s a lot easier when the project is current
My laziness prevents me from the art of writing proper readmes
The repos that are fanciest have in depth readme files, which makes the repo look more intimidating. Otherwise, it’s just a bunch of files and directories on a page.
It looks good. I like that you made sure to add a readme for each.
Awesome. Git/github is a good tool to be familiar with, so it’s good to see that you’re using it to hold your projects.
How’s the repo renovation coming along?
Do you mean you created a repo?
My username is “Yousselfie”
Thanks Kevon. I hope you enjoy your time off with your friends and family as well.
Yeah I’ll be working on a few projects. Pico as well
hey kevon. if you're interested in competing jan. 18th, make sure to fill out the form in the bulletin by tonight.
learning basic file i/o and os commands is helpful
I'm signing up our team for the mountain west ctf. What's your class year? Also, your degree is Information Systems, Bachelor of Science (B.S.) right?
I’ll email him tonight or tomorrow afternoon. I completely forgot to do so earlier.
There’s a link to the write ups on the bulletin of the cct server
do you mean for mountain west?
Thanks Kevon! I appreciate you too! Have a good rest of your break.
Awesome. Thanks for taking the initiative to talk with him about the team in the first place. I’ll reach out soon.
Hey Kevon. Hope you’re having a good break. I’ll email Professor Han. What do you mean by adapting MetaCTF to the team?
have you checked out the write up for steg64? it's  pretty fascinating
I’ll meet you in the atrium
Moving to east
Marco Aldi is my professor. The course isn’t difficult. What you practice is what you see on the exams.
Linear algebra
I’ll be in east studying for an exam I have tomorrow, but if you stop by we can work on the challenges for a bit.
It’s a fun challenge. Check it out if you have the chance!
Hey Kevon. We missed you at the meet today. We were just having fun on this site:
Registration closes on the 30th so we have time. I’d like to discuss with the team about going, since Dec 7th is during finals.
Will do. I believe we’ll have to sign up as a team, so we’ll need to decide those and have one person from each sign everyone up.
Don’t know about the other clubs, but you won’t miss anything important from us. Your course takes priority, don’t worry.
No problem. Looking forward to seeing you then
Our team has a session at 6:30pm yes
Will you be joining us at club night tomorrow?
I've yet to have any second interviews. I definitely need to spend time applying for more positions.
How do you feel so far?
I'm doing good. Reviewing for the interview?
Hey Kevon. How's it going?
Hey Kevon. Good luck with your interview. We’ll discuss the final competitions of the semester and our progress toward making the team an official club.
No problem
One of them was trying to find where a person was vacationing. Robert solved that one, he might still remember the details.
I also worked on some recon problems, but I can't remember their names or exact details.
This is the script. At the end, you'll find the provided string with the name "program".
Unfortunately not. Emailing the organizers might yield them.
Yea, we tried the challenges: repetition, verify, and CanYouSee.
Also bash/python scripting for automation
Exiftool and aperisolve for steganography
It was good. People were progressing and getting exposed to new tools and practices.
Cool
Install kali?
Hey Kevon. We just did some more practice today. How’s it going with picoctf for you?
No problem Kevon. Will let you know what happens.
Erick says 30th of 361 teams
Let’s try to work together on problems for this upcoming CTF. I know we haven’t been able to hop on call in a while.
Hey Kevon. I really appreciate you saying that. I’m honored to have been helpful. Please keep letting me know if I can be of help.
Hey Kevon. I’ve never had a raspberry pi, so I can’t recommend a version. To get more experience in Linux, I recommend getting a virtual machine or installing wsl.
I think that's better. You should try the same thing with your hackathons and HTB projects
You too, good luck with school work
E4224
Yes, same room
That's awesome, keep doing what you're doing
If you get any free time this week, I encourage you to try out any challenges in picogym. Start with the easy ones.
It’s no problem, I’m in the same situation. I expect to have time next weekend.
Or go over anything
No. Do you want to do challenges in vc?
Click on teams to see the rankings, or click on certificate.
I'll be on soon
I plan to get on a voice channel  this evening in our discord server. I think others will do the same.
Nice to meet you too
bahlouly@vcu.edu
I'm available after 2 tomorrow.
it looks like i have access now, thanks
i also get that error
Sorry, I was going to message you about partnering up, but I got a message from someone else. There’s a couple people in off topic if you’re stick searching.
No problem
That is part of it, but there is another part of the flag. Look around the page given the link.
Hi. What issue are you having with blox64
Thanks for taking the time to write and send that! Like Bo said, we’ll keep the feedback you all have given us in mind as we create future challenges.
Do you guys want to set up a study session for next week?
That sounds good
We could send it out to everyone, but then we should create a server to use instead. Let me know what you guys think first.
Hey guys. We can use this group chat to converse about the class and set up study sessions. Feel free to add anyone else.
I take it my Hawkeye performance was astoundingly impressive enough to qualify me for a spot on this pro team.
Both Pakistan and Vietnam have voted in favor of Devouring tomorrow night instead. How’s that?
Probably after 7
Alice, there’s a fun horror game called Devour that Nile, Lance, and I are quite fond of. It’s on steam for $6. Nile and I might play tonight. If you can get it, you should join us.
That sounds like a good idea. A large aspiration for sure
What about you? Did you end up going to school for pharmacology? I think you might’ve shared that.
I suspect he’s busy and worried about succeeding in his pre-med path. Otherwise, he seems ok.
Rivals is fun. I played some with Nile and Lance
Magic the gathering?
Even better
How’s the professional overwatch career going?
I’m good. I’m taking advantage of the time off of school to resume some hobbies.
I do. How’s it going, Alice?
Will do. You as well. Good luck with hyper labs
Maybe a different Youssef
Sorry. I’m just messing with you. I think you got the wrong guy. I’m not the team lead.
You gone?
no prob
Anyone else get an email from professor about course evaluation?
I'm getting the same results as the sample. 👍
Hey. Did you figure out what the issue was?
Same here. Looking forward to our team up this Saturday
No problem at all
Bulonziyee might have the real guy’s contact info if you want to reach out to him.
Nah. Unfortunately I wasn’t even there. Sounds like a fun event though.
Wow. Diddle has really taken over cyber hasn’t it
Bulonziyee mentioned he met an “Ali” there who was part of the club. Maybe that’s who you’re thinking of?
I am, but it must have been a different former president.
Though Professor Messer’s net+ course on YouTube is a good resource.
Hey. Sorry I think you have me confused with someone else. Im Youssef, but I wasn’t at RVA sec.
Eid Mubarak ya Elshowaya
Done. You can guess which group
Also, I’m going to make you an admin of one of the groups. There’s stuff only admins of a group can access in a community profile.
I like the bio idea, but I’m not sure how to organize it. Currently when you press on one, it takes you to the community profile page and it’s already full.
Was also thinking of making those cards pressable so they open your maps app with the location
Didn’t even think about that. Good idea, I’ll add that inshaAllah
React native and I used a SaaS called Appwrite along with Node js for the backend
Good point, the login page isn’t clear right now. But you can enter your email and it will register you
Yea I haven’t done that yet.
In return, I’ll play brawlhalla with you whenever you want. Just let me know.
Invited
That project I told you about is a mobile app. If you send me your App Store email, I can invite you to download and test it out
Do you have an iPhone?
I’m praying for your healing
Is that an Israeli cap?!
Just don’t forget your priorities (cct > hybrid)
I see you’ve been leading the Hybrid team to glory. I already forgot who the last captain was.
I’m alright. Still jobless, but I’m working on a pretty cool project with some friends. Youll hear about it soon 🥷, inshaAllah.
How’s it going?
Alhamdulillah. It’s good to hear from you
Alaykumsalam Hussein
And I hope you plan on competiting in C2C this time. I found it to be a lot of fun and think you will too. It'll be in Indonesia, inshaAllah.
I recommend joining this. Expand your horizons and hear about competitions.
You're probably right
I'm gonna go for it and see what happens
Yea, a thinkpad and a nuc. Both 16gb
Nice. I want to set up my A/D lab, but I'm not sure if I have enough compute for all the vms.
Not quite CTF related, but might still be worth learning; especially for attack/defense competitions like MACCDC.
Also great are HTB labs. There are around 10 free labs. They're like guided pen tests.
These are resources for the different CTF categories. They're guided and help you to get more advanced comprehension.
V2X must pay well
prebuilt?
talk to you later, leaving this computer
Also don't want to give you an excuse to buy more energy drinks
No, don't worry about it. It's not urgent. Thanks
It'll either be before that or some other day
When's your bed time
Not sure
If so, you can text me at 5712086137
Are you ok with calling over phone this evening? I won't be able to access discord later
Thanks
Ok, I'll let you know later today, inshaAllah
Salamualaykum, Hussein. You know your way around calculating wattage requirements given power consumption, right? Can I run some math by you later?
Salamualaykum Hussein. Can you join the Cybersecurity Competition Team on RAMSconnect?
Dinah?
Devour this weekend
Hussein Elshowaya
Salamualaykum
Monroe park side?
I’m in west
Where are you
You done soon?
If I stay past4 I’ll let you know
Will you be in campus tomorrow
not until 2
I’ll be on campus 11:30
Or before 12?
How about tomorrow before 2?
Good
Salamualaykum Hussein. Do you still have a wifi card?
sucking at this game is actually a good thing for your life
ok. be warned: there's a high skill ceiling
it's a fighting game. erick and i are going to play. want to join?
ever play brawlhalla?
can I use this picture I took of you without your consent on my capstone poster?
No problem. Though just know I’ll go back to nova on Thursday
Salamualaykum. Would you like to join Nile and I for taraweh tomorrow night at ICVA? We'd leave for there at ~8:15 and stay late. Possibly for the entire night.
No problem
Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like we’ll be going
Make sure to get all your work done before this evening, we may go to ICVA for taraweh.
Where you?
In rams lounge
Ya Elshowaya, we’re in the commons
Ok. Then we can pray at the commons and probably get Munch after
You want to pray maghrib and go get iftar with Nile? Not the MSA, since they won’t do Iftar today.
I’m in west
I’m going to west
UAV?
Do you have something to do at west?
Ok. I’ll let you know. Nile’s doing it now.
I don’t think I’ll be surprised
Can I run a study on you? I’m getting participants to wear a vr headset to watch some videos while their reactions are recorded.
Do you have free time on campus tomorrow after 4?
Salamualaykum. Do you want to play a horror game in ~10 minutes? It's called Devour. It's on steam for $6.
also i just realized the picoctf 25 started
that's pretty funny
Yes.
Yes. You should join
No I’m right
No I must be wrong
Never tried it. I’ll check how many correct submissions there are
they were provided that
according to the challenge.txt in the drive
It's in the drive as the medium problem
Hussein, someone is asking about your problem. I'm adding you to the server so he can dm you.
RAM_CTF{open_sesame}
RAM_CTF{1Name2Name3Name}
I dont see the flags in the sheet
I haven’t made the container yet
I’ll release them later today
Is it supposed to be “Medium”?
Got flags for easy and medium?
Let us know if you get the flags and are confident in the challenges. We can upload them live
this is bonkers
on par with blox64
this looks like a nightmare problem
ok. looking
I have to leave now. If he sends me screenshots I can guide him.
I’m there now but will leave at 5
Does your friend still need help tomorrow?
going to sleep
If it helps, the title is: "Popular enough to face"
but you need to find 4 presidents who are somehow related
the challenge could be more clear
presidents
did you see anything in the assembly that hinted at the flag format? because i dont see that
Find what the significance of the years
Close
Compile junk.c first and pretend you were only given the exe. Let me know your thoughts
If you have the time, try the above challenge.
awesome
Good
Club night this Thursday from 5:30pm to 7:30pm.
I know Java
I'm going to use docker to create a container for the gui app. That way, you won't need to install npm, node, or anything else if you want to use it.
so this is what i would add to if i wanted handleCalibrate to do more?
Click this link to add as friend in Clash Royale! https://link.clashroyale.com/invite/friend/en?tag=920VGVVC&token=t8s67j63&platform=iOS
You guys coming down
Where the career fair happens
Just go to one of the atriums and you’ll see us
The one in front of that one
Atrium
Go to qimonda
Status?
I may work on these problems tonight
To the drive or the doc?
also this drive containing challenge files: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Xjp68QpdrvCscCdQCT3vEahySCo9zsK0
Shared a google doc with you containing last year's challenge descriptions and names
WebNet1
ready
getting on
Sorry for not making myself available. Do you want to call tonight around 9:30, or should we save it for tomorrow?
Are you at the BEYA fair?
is this where you found the encryption function and the encrypted flag?
through the symbol tree?
how did you reach that function with the encrypted flag?
Forsyth
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
ready
im ready when you are
Im gonna head home now. We can call soon.
finished the crypto
is husky_hungry also in flag format?
How about later this evening? I'm in the library right now.
got it
is there ctrl-f in ghidra?
not this: "Word on campus is the Northeastern Husky sniffed out the hidden flag"
did you have to wrap it?
found it
can you give me a hint for the first one "Husky sniff"
ghidra for the binary?
That would make sense, but it’s flipped.
For that one, note how many words make up each string in the directions text. How many “downs” + “ups”.
How about the second? Paws’ hideout?
Ok. Try the first crypto problem.
How’s it going?
I'm working on crypto. I have two left "Husky Hash" and "Custom CRYpto"
Check out the latest email from Justin Spears
There’s also RF challenges, so you should bring your rf emulator
Wifi challenges are still on
Info is in the server and email
Let me know if you want to do the UVA hackathon
Make sure to put Virginia Commonwealth University in your affiliation in the profile menu.
Actually, the website does indicate it’s team based.
I don’t see anything to indicate it’s a team based competition, but I don’t think there’d be any harm in working together. I’m up for doing a discord call.
Also, tomorrow’s CTF starts at 10pm. That’ll be good practice.
How’s pico going?
Excellent
The test fire might be on the 22nd if it’s not cancelled again, which is why I’m concerned you’ll drop.
The competition is on the 22nd
Cyber fusion at vmi
Hussein, you’d better not drop out of cyberfusion
Nice work
Wow. That looks awesome
did you sign up for c2c? the link is on the bulletin of cybersecurity discord
Actually, could we used the pies in the lab?
Could we toy with it this weekend?
Do you have any old computers or pies?
Unfortunately, it's very expensive.
https://www.netdevgroup.com/price_quote
speaking of the competition setup, we used a virtual platform called NETLAB +VE
it's a good idea. make sure to pitch it in the MACCDC channel.
I guess we'd want one pi for each host on the network
I think it would work
Were you thinking of getting a bunch of pi 4s?
Though, we will lose the 3k if we don't use it.
Those are viable options, but if we already have a strong server, we can create a virtual network and not have to buy more hardware.
That's a Kate question. She worked on the ramCTF last year. React would probably be ideal. Also, most likely a linux server.
I'll bring a card on Friday
As long as you don’t do it at school. You can’t capture someone’s traffic without their permission, so it’ll have to be your own Wi-Fi.
do you want to tinker with a wifi card? Learn how to crack wifi encrypted traffic?
I'll go to that meeting
How’s your Friday?
How’re you doing with pico?
Likely won’t stay past 4 today
do you know anything about creating web servers?
Tell him I'll put him in the pot and they can soak together.
Can you tell him to do his dishes?
Hussein, this is important: are you with Faris and Klenke right now?
So will I
I think the labs would be good to go through
Try logging into our demo environment. The address and accounts are pinned in the MACCDC channel. Kate and I will meet at after 3pm on discord to prepare, do you want to join?
Will you go by train?
Engineering career services sent an email during winter break with an interest form.
Did you already get accepted?
Are you going to BEYA?
I plan to stay until at least 5 today.
If I have a board with an esp32 connected to a LoRa, will plugging the esp to my laptop provide power to the entire circuit?
I may stay later than 4, since there are others who can only make it then.
I'll make a group
we're gonna work on a cryptography problem that we have no idea how to solve. you're welcome to join us
that's good
how's your 2-6pm on monday?
if you've done the vault door problems, vault door 7 is one of the easier hard problems
hussein go to sleep
that's like 58 problems
wow that's great
It's ok, we just got on.
Would you want to join Kate, Erick, and I around 8 to do some challenges?
I approved
I have a notion where I'm keeping writeups I've done.
Try joining:
https://www.notion.so/PicoGym-10d76d01759a80e79968e3fbef705c2f?pvs=4
How's it going with practice?
I don’t want to force you to tunnel vision on just one category. I can bring you up to speed in the basic comp sci and non reverse engineering categories (crypto, networking, etc).
Also, we’re planning to start doing some practice as a team soon inshaAllah. We’ll work together to solve the hard level problems.
PicoCTF.
See if you can really hone your reverse engineering skills by doing more challenges in that category.
I sent an invite
the deadline approaches for maccdc
Also, thanks for coming to play Among Us today. I'm sorry you were punished for my crimes
no dont worry. most of us that are registered are busy with finals. we're not taking this too seriously
are you using ghidra or gdb?
that didnt work
so the indices are decimal and used to be hex?
what are the indices?
no instance. just enter a flag
this one i cant access
i cant access that url
didnt work
only if you have time. no pressure
Here's another one:
"Mr. Greedy is now accepting your donations. He may have left a nugget in the code though 😉
Flag format: CTF{32-hex} "
I was never here
sign up for HTB uni ctf and show up for among us next monday
Good
I got them but I don’t understand fully
You should try the “readygladiator” problems
i dont know what i should believe. either way, i apologize for my harsh joke
are you really dyslexic?
do you drop your phone whenever you start typing?
ok, i think it makes sense
babystep 4 was easier
movl moves the value at the address 0x2262c96b into the address 4 bytes before rbp?
the +22 line, does it mean that  eax is being moved into the address 4 bytes __before the rbp address__ or 4 bytes __before the address stored in rbp__?
Im trying to understand step3
you didnt use ghidra to get that dump
then how do you know where to breakpoint?
did you figure it out?
how was it
Come represent your new team at 6:30pm
i dont know if i saved the deletions
Cru8GJzIP
e4224
What’d you do
Salamualaykum. Will you be at the meeting today?
Ok. I’m gonna check my app later. Maybe I’ll see something of interest.
Baud rate at 9600,
You checked com ports in device manager
What about those removable pins on the board? I can’t remember if they’re on the xbee
Do you have the stuff with you?
Salamualaykum Hussein. Do you remember the xbee app?
The resulting repo turned out empty.
Yes, that looks good.
No problem
quality
Can you send me the raw images found in the google doc?
Can I use this picture on the poster?
Some initial analysis might be helpful. We don’t have to wait until 20 to get started.
I apologize for being harsh.
When you're happy with the visuals, please send them to me so I can add them to the poster. I'll also construct the abstract.
Good. And good luck with all your preparations
I saw that you and Zanika were under some pressure with the IRB, if you need any help with questionnaires or anything you two are developing, I can help lessen the burden.
Can you just retake it if it doesn’t go well?
Hey Aryan. How’s it going? Everything smooth with CLEP?
Ok. No problem
Is there something you want me to do right now?
What stuff do you want me to look over?
I’m available now.
Hey Aryan. Any progress this week?
Hey Aryan. Can you tell me about that blender api you mentioned at the meeting?
I don’t know about that
Yea, but we can’t go into unity manually for each of the thousands of images to create an avatar.
Excellent
Philip’s already working on the media pipe script. I don’t think both of you need to be working on it.
I’m not sure we need a gpu for this kind of work. We’re not training a model.
You have a script to transform fer2013 into avatars?
What dataset?
Hey Aryan. Could you make a VR role and apply it to us 5? That way we can mention the group without pinging everyone.
I’ll finish up A tomorrow
Awesome. Thanks Aryan
We can use a thread to talk about the challenges.
Don’t worry about it
No, my mistake, I thought you were going to give me the answer
I want to figure it out
Don’t spoil it
I’m now curious to figure it out
It’s over
Is it over?
You proved all the haters wrong
im trying headphone mic
ready?
Round elementary?
Most likely. I’ll confirm tomorrow
I’m good to talk whenever. Just let me know when.
Everything ok?
Sure that sounds good
Yea probably
No problem
Do you want to play val today?
ae27ff
Ungrateful swine
But you are a master of this problem now. You should be thanking your professor for his mistake.
Don’t mind an old man’s nonsense 👴
I must’ve done it incorrectly
So 5(ln(12/10) • ln(1))
ln(1) is acceptable, ln(0) is undefined
Never mind that
You would still get ln(1)
I think it’s undefined
Just factor the denominator
Are you stupid or something? You won’t find an easier problem in calculus II.
Is nova parking free on weekends
Alright no problem. Thanks to you as well.
sorry
oh i just heard that'
Oh good. No offense but you sucked before. I can’t  feel my lower back anymore
Family beach time?
How’s vacation?
I’m interested
Made it twice
Best pesto I’ve had with pasta
Also recommend this: https://culinaryginger.com/pistachio-pesto-pasta/
I want to try it.
So you just woke up, looked up garlic noodle recipes on your phone at 3am and made it?
Made it?
Don’t worry about it. Enjoy your trip!
Good for 10:30?
Yea. What time were you thinking?
Nile, David, Brian, Nic, Paul, Justin, and You
Sounds fun. Wish I’d mixed up more when I was there.
How was the game?
Preference as far as day and time
Any preference?
Alright. I’ll come over Monday morning, then I’ll stay at your house till Thursday morning. We can get plenty of sparring in throughout.
Wanna spar sometime?
yea, that'd be fun
wanna do pball some other day(s)?
TEJWL-WEMND-KVIIH
Alright, im getting on
do you want to enter the gungeon now?
im ok with later if you prefer
maybe 8. Was thinking of running with Nile at 7:30. You're welcome to join
alright
Mornings are usually when we run
We could play Sunday. Nile and I plan to go on a run.
cool. I wouldn't know much about the varying quality of paddles. I've only ever used the set I bought.
well you did fall for a scam
alright, so the returner doesn't have to be outside
Let me know if you guys want to be there earlier
Probably 12-1:30
Soon as I get back from Costco
Or anything too ripe for normal consumption
Ripe fruit is prime for smoothies. They’re sweeter and softer. That’s when Id like to freeze bananas.
Amateur
you don’t know?!
Can it ripen in the fridge
I don’t
I’ll try your recipe next time I purchase pineapple
I would. I’m fasting today so I can only rant about smoothies
That sounds really good
Save some for me
Dude
They feel the need to detail how to freeze bananas
Yes very much so.
This has been my smoothie rant
But they look so refreshing, cold, and satisfying
Haven’t tried either of them, just prepared
I also made a smoothie bowl: https://shortgirltallorder.com/blueberry-lemon-smoothie-bowl
I always make something different. I have frozen dragon fruit right now, so I was thinking a dragon fruit smoothie: https://sunkissedkitchen.com/dragon-fruit-smoothie/
You’re missing out
I love smoothies
Do you make smoothies?
looks like you're reliant on me for 10 more days
There are cheaper options
Amazon
I want
do you want me to call instead?
go to fake golds when ready
I’ll be on in 20
then click update
next time you go into codewars, go into your account settings and slap this under clan: Fake Golds
I think I’m gonna try learning C now
Monster
Got 3 done today. Don’t forget to code
wont tell anyone
on me
you can take a day off
if you want and can join
yo we are playinng devour with justin
Sounds good
You tell me. I’m good most of the week. Should we see if Nile wants in?
sounds good
The Korean bakery Paris Baguette has opened a new location on Liberia
Trying to get another one later
I’ve done my problem. Wanna game?
I think you can just do results += numbers[i]
Nice, that’s not a bad solution. Was Integer.valueOf() necessary to concatenate?
Also let me know your coding progress today
Update rocket league or I’ll sell you on the black market
ok. gonna pray first
you wanna play valorant in a few?
oops. wrong gif
when does csc 208 end?
DevouR
next to the 1 key
triple `
do you wanna talk now? or are you gyming soon
oh i understand
Such as?
sometimes, when i finish a kata, I'll want to keep it for reference. So I'll copy the code into Intellij and label the project accordingly
on codewars: go to profile and there's a tab labeled solutions. You can see all of the methods you've created
I'm doing a codewars kata right now
sounds good
I haven’t set a goal or thought about it. Maybe I will
No gym?
I’ll be playing sifu until you’re on
Library closes at 5
I’m good with either
I have no plans so whenever you’re ready
We could do coding sessions to make it more fun if you’re interested in joining
I want to sharpen my skills on codewars
Unfortunate. My class didn’t even have a programming section for the final
Did you get around it?
You finish the course?
That’s true, he is pretty lenient because of his lack of care. He reminds me a lot of Mr Moulen from high school.
You?
I’m also frustrated with my lack of commitment to learning the subject.
I’m frustrated with the lack of care our professor has given to his lectures and to the maintenance of the quizzes and tests. The syntax errors in the tests are devastating. I dread taking the final.
I think it sucks. Present tense
Does is frighten you to some degree to leave regardless?
Curious. Why do you want to go to VT instead of a closer college like GMU?
Lance
Good luck hero
how about 208? I'm grinding that out right now and I think today's the last day for it.
Respectable thinking
I could help if you need
maybe you can triage your assignments. Prioritize the final exam, programming assignments, and zylabs
is the class over for you?
What happened?
have you done the 14.12 zylab
I think it was around 3.8
Do you get to see that status of the list?
Are you going to have to wait for people to manually reject their offers for the waitlist to progress?
Thanks chap
Offered
I’m available
You don’t need calc 3 for an CS A.S
good luck
or how to edit one
you know how to do that? im not even certain what a line editor is
part 2
i dont suppose you were provided with instructions on how to do so
just making sure
ever written a line editor in java?
That’s alright
I carry in the gym
I would not have worked on CS for 4 hours straight without this
indeed
word?
stringOfStuffWEdontWant.indexOf(character) != -1
This. Is. a String.
My name is Youssef_ Don_t look at me like that_
Am I supposed to care?
Few minutes. My mic quality has downgraded to Nile webcam level
Hard to forget the day I grilled you
Jk I’m excited to hear about your progress
Try: codewars.com
thanks
The reason python is able to concisely implement functional constructs is because functions are treated as objects?
I’ll miss our pickleball sessions and hanging out in general. I hope you do great things when you’re doing your service
Justin, how’re you doing?
Too young to be playing valorant all night
You too
Tell him to go to sleep. It’s a school night
Nope
You alright? Didn’t know you were lactose intolerant.
On my way
Hey Justin. Do you still intend to play pball today at 5?
That’s alright. Good luck with your test
Hi Delaney. We’ll be meeting next Monday from 4-5pm in E4224. If you can make it, we’d benefit from your wisdom.
What if the key was modeled in Roblox?
That’s a unique idea. Were you thinking of providing the image of a key and having the combination be used to decode something?
Go to “Club Officer Resources”
In the drive
Unsolved
Nightmare difficulty
I think Erick and I can be there for a bit
No one’s going to get past blox64 on day one
That must be Kate’s sister
We can add challenges live as well
Nightmare
good
Is that the Chinese word of the day?
Also, could you modify the flag to start with "RAM_CTF" just to keep the format consistent?
I uploaded another cryptography challenge called "useless_e". <@1142053237097238619> <@1278458492507918500>  I'm going to try your challenges.
Hi. Are you Terrence?
expirat
vama veche beach
xkimbupedi
xkimbupedi
Good work team. This was just a warm up for next Saturday.
let me know if you're stuck on something; we can work on it together
studying linear algebra. I'll be doing challenges in between
did you click on "Play as team"
bbeba374fb197513
I'll create our team and send you guys the team code
Team, make sure you check your inbox for an email from UCCS cyber regarding tomorrow’s competition. We all need to register on the ctf platform before tomorrow.
We're registered.
RAMsackers
VCU's RAMsackers
I support this reluctantly
any team name ideas? if not, we'll be:
VCU’s Very Vigilant Virus-Vanquishing Virtual Velociraptors: Guardians of the Gigabyte Galaxy
they made an exception
it's the one on saturday (dec 7th)
Yea i see that now
Is it just me, or are there 0 solves for “Crack the encrypted key” even though the score decayed?
Ask him what that is
Play dumb
My internet is slow
First one you sent has O in acknowledged and the second has 0
The difference is O vs 0
Wait
No whitespace in his?
That guy messaged me. He’s the only one who hasn’t been able to solve it.
Will you pick shame or work?
Or you could admit your geographical blunder in a notification 😎
Has anyone solved it?
Figured it out?
Or both
You could specify in the challenge description for VCU students that it won’t work on VCU Wi-Fi
I’m not on VCU Wi-Fi
Erick just started a riot
I assumed you’d just build your image and provide it to Ctfd
One man’s rage bait
I knew I was on to something
also elsh22
and kevon as well
Got it
I’m at a loss
Why not make the clue: “What three words?”
What’s the name of the tool?
Anyone get opXOR?
Turbo mushroom 82
Youssef Bahloul
Salamualaykum. After 414 today we could go to the library to study inshaAllah.
Salamualaykum Mohammad. Ramadan Mubarak. How are you doing? Haven’t seen you in a while.
Sounds good. I’ll be in tomorrow
Almost done?
How long do you think you’ll stay? I’ve gotta wait till after 7 today. Tomorrow I’m also planning on being in the library  from 9 until start of class.
Thanks for checking that
Yea, I see we have two gdrive folders for that
I'm checking now
Sure
Excellent
Mistake. I’ve removed them. Thanks for letting me know.
No problem. Rahat is
Terens are you there
Yes. I’ll share the sheet
If you check now, the form is linked to a much cleaner spreadsheet containing only data from the two latest runs which were done post form change.
Natali and Philip will
I've adjusted the sheet by moving the data gathered with the old form to a different sheet and removing the columns corresponding to the questions that are no longer asked.
Good. How was yours?

I’ll do that.
I fixed the screen distance issue by again rendering the video player on the camera, turning that camera into a physical camera, and increasing the focal distance.
Inside
I’m outside
Sorry, have to push back to 11
See you at 10:30
Hey. I’m good, how are you?

I’ll check it out. It might have just been a mistake.
I'm going to commit your code (Record and Videos scripts). The only modification I made was displaying the timestamps in the csv as seconds, so I removed the int casting and the *1000f.
Thanks
Hi Terens. Can you send me the updated scripts when you get the chance?
I couldn't see them.
I requested access to the folder
I’m in ERB
I will. Thanks, Terens
The names aren’t very clear at the moment, I’ll get around to modifying them.
They have different names.The emotion text recordings end with “ACT”.
Hi Terens. Yes. The assumption is the recordings after a completed run should be moved so they aren’t overridden in the next run.
At 10
start the download now then. it's gargantuan
scp tonight?
My power is jacked
Yea it was
Power lines in front of our house fell with a tree and our driveway is blocked off from the road.
Wow. Fallen power lines?
We play Arkham knight?
call?
I'll make a shared folder in the drive
Can you still access the challenges? We could download and go over them.
What was the hardware problem?
How many challenges were there in all the categories in round 2?
Only 2 crypto challenges?
How was crypto?
Looks good
HTB hosts other CTFs throughout the school year as well that we should be practicing in.
It looks like only winning teams advance to the next round
Was it harder than patriot?
Good job team
Good luck <@&1344767345012248687>
Who?
Of course. You’re good
That could be a problem, as I believe Natalia left the country.
Zanika isn't in Richmond right now, but she said she'll check when she gets back.
Ok, but he only ever got the headset. I messaged Zanika nad Natalia, as they were the ones to get the full sets in the beginning.
Ok. Who did you get it from? I can message Natalia/Zanika to ask about the other.
I don't. Did you not get two from Natalia and Zanika?
Salamualaykum. I left the vr stuff on your desk
Yes. Is 8/11 or 8/12 a good date? I think I have swipe access, so I should be able to leave it on your desk if you or Terens aren't there.
Oops. I actually could use px, please. When you get the chance.
Don’t forget no alpha
InshaAllah. Please send both a png and jpg
Thank you, Brandon
No. We’re adding a ‘paid events’ feature for communities who want to charge an entrance fee. The money goes to them
The plan is to publish by not this Saturday, but the Saturday after that
What’s confusing you
And I’m still working on the new shareable
Yea I haven’t wired payment yet
Nevermind this <@620825273734266892>
its not the same?
coconut water flavored
get me one too
all good. I got it through sms
sounds good.
We want that job
Can you send the sms code?
not yet
We received a "verification successful" email from Google Play Store.
New decor
Both
Can you share a downloadable?
Yea it’s pretty nice
I like the idea and how it overlaps; it does look like a sandy covering
A *stroke* of genius, I might say
Are you still planning to make multiple iterations?
I like it
Claude really changed the events page in this design, but we prefer the old system of vertical cards swiping horizontally, right?
Updated again, but the cold-start notifs aren’t working still. Gonna put it aside and work on the website + shareable.
Booked page should be good. Working on the website now.
Hopefully apartment finding and finals are going well
MashaAllah. No problem. We can try Thursday, then, inshaAllah.
Did Tyzel lose his queen
you guys getting diamond?
Play store?
Salamualaykum. When do you guys want to commence the brawlhallathon?
Right. I’ll try to do that tomorrow, inshaAllah.
I don’t think he knows his character’s name
A brawlhalla marathon?
Brawlhalla tomorrow night?
And the Halal munchies is being built on the other side of the Masjid from them.
There's a Shahs, Crimson, and Nash all near each other on Hoadly.
Or let's try crimson coward.
Let's just wait for halal munchies to open
Doesnt load
party pooper
with nile
or we can talk about the app. just missing brandon
do you guys want to play brawlhalla with nile? 2v2s?
No. You should have your camera on. I think it’s school policy
Also, I’m going to just make the ticket date color the same regardless of which is focused for now. It’s too finicky.
And it’s updated?
Interesting
What’s the context?
Don't try to change prayer times yet, as I'm currently adjusting that.
Pre-diamond logo work
logo?
what i miss
Happy RAMmadan! Baaaah!
Wa iyyaka
This is the bug I'll be prioritizing first, inshaAllah.
A true brawlhalla addict
Diamond?
That could be the “connect” part.
I was thinking about the ticket idea. It’s common for them to be tearable. Maybe you could do it in this kind of minimal style with the pill, with one part being gold and the other green.
Any gold getters
Any gold-getters tonight?
Cinco momentos
Why ummahllc.com? Shouldn’t it be the app?
Can either of you research the requirements of ToS and privacy policies?
For the landing page, I’ll create a page specifically for the app that is linked to ummahllc.com.
you got this tyzel
Probably since you guys weren’t winning. Put me in the squad
Huh?!
JazakAllah khair
updating so you can see the looks. no functional updates really except for some Ashok bug fixes
But that's a matter for tomorrow
We should consider still using green/gold in the dark theme, but of a lighter shade so it's more visible against the dark background.
Can you also take this png you sent, and give it this color: #FFCEA3
Updating. Delete event works now, but edit event is yet to be implemented. Made some progress on dark theme.
one sec
it definetly isnt
I asked chatgpt and it told me it was the shahada 🥸
Given his reasoning, I think having a "Allah" in the background wouldn't be a problem, if it isn't an unrelated verse.
For example, a verse on masajid or community would be great, but maybe not ayat al kursi.
JazakAllah khair. We can polish the notifs inshaAllah next sprint
Try updating in 10 minutes.
Updated
Let me know when you guys are on
InshaAllah
I was being lazy. I apologize. Thanks for keeping me accountable. I’ll get it working, inshaAllah
It’s not necessary on launch to have 3 different login methods
Minimum viable product
Talking MVP
Make the background transparent, unless it's new.
Check out the notifications as well. I changed it up a bit.
I'll update in the next 20 minutes and you guys can let me know what you think.
The login screen will look a bit more bare
I believe logging in with third-parties like Google, Instagram, X, etc... falls outside of MVP material, so for now, I'm going to hide those buttons.
Updating again
Salamualaykum. Made community profile scrollable and roughly changed the leave button.
fajr to 9:30am
we can and should move it for the sake of sleep
we brawli- we sprinting?
I won’t be available until 9:30
How late will you guys be available?
I can’t really right now.
Go but stay seated
uno momento compadre
margin from top:   height: 0.015 * height
fontSize: scaleFont(16),
height: 0.0375 * height,
barWidth = 0.774 * width,
marginHorizontal: 0.066 * width,
araka lahiqan
mercy
رحمة
did you tell her my name
are you coming or not
i see mohammed. i dont see you
seriously
room 1. you guys almost here?
Turning on my turing machine
That’s what threw me off
I’m talking about the first picture
Is this really you?
get over here
ummahllc.com
my brother was playing
Not a problem though. The night is young
Yea but Brandon wimped out. Fear of success kind of thing
He was our glass cannon
Alaykumsalam
ummahllc.com
Salamualaykum. Getting on after I pray isha.
I think tomorrow would be preferable. Tyzel was talking to me about doing an all-day brawlhalla thing today so you’d have to ask him.
Do you have work tomorrow?
Updating now. Fixed:
- Notifs not showing in notif page
- Event name overflowing
- Community card appearance edited
What's a good limit?
Done
How has the performance been so far? Any crashes or lag?
Gonna fix it. Keep letting me know what to fix as you find things.
I’d like to add it later. When, inshaAllah, we can afford a more precise solution.
I'll be removing the distance filter. It's not vital. Any objections?
Really…?
Ok. Later then.
Why? Do you want to play brawlhalla?
Delayed to 3:30 to allow for Asr
Were you able to sign up/in?
Thanks for letting me know. Try updating again.
I’m unable to recreate the issue. Have you any further context to provide in order to ease my investigation?
Have you updated the app?
Elaborate as to when that occurs
Salamualaykum <@&1409649590386294936> . How about moving Thursday meetings to Friday ?
How did you come by all these points?
The connect would have been the 3% by its uniqueness of following the tail
You’re the pioneer of 3% in this group
We copied our main page of our app
If you kept the tail, “connect” could have been along its curve
Im not going to say anything about this
So what’s your argument. You’re against tech but there’s no tech in his last send
It’s modern
What he posted is is not tech
Who’s writing it
You were the first person Ty’zel that I pitched it too
I’m not mistaken. I pitched this idea of a calligraphy “ummah” with a modern “connect”
OK. I’m writing the operating agreement
Why didn’t you guys bring up all these points when I pitched
A three man ambush
This was planned
The English makes it clear what the Arabic says
No one brought up this concern when I pitched the idea
My Sudanese brother
I have so much respect for you
You’re*
We don’t have to call it “tech”. We can call it modern
We’re using TECH to CONNECT the UMMAH
Help turn the tide against these creatively misguided hooligans
I want 90% earning since we you haven’t written the operating agreement yet
I quit the team
LALALALALALSLALALALA I CANT HEAR YOU LALALAALALALALAL
Shhshshhshsh
Just focus on our vision
Don’t look at Ty’zel’s message
But give us more iterations in different positions
I like it
I was thinking more of a "techy" font.
I disagree. I think there should be distinction
Nice job.
registering for a Thursday class??
What were you thinking?!?!?
We probably won’t be submitting visa forms until we decide where we’re staying. So tomorrow inshaAllah
Check this doc for guidance on the picture
edited
yea right
Allahuakbar
We have the tickets
I need this info <@1405321917371645973> <@620825273734266892>
This good?
For the sake of getting these while they're cheap, just pay me back on Friday for what you can't cover.
Still have to wait till Friday?
Mohammed is covered, so we can split the price of Tyzel's ticket
When everyone is available, we should get these tickets asap. This is the lowest price I've seen yet
This means you’re covered for the tickets and are yet to get them, right?
Alaykum salam
I spent $65
Not sure. It was $150 total that Brandon and I paid Thursday?
Nothing. I was going to ask for confirmation, but it's clear.
InshaAllah, going to mail this Monday morning.
We can further discuss tonight over brawlhalla
Am going to disengage from this conversation until I have a definitive answer.
So you’re going
Walking away from us
Instead this is you
This could be us
If you cared about fairness, you would have let me pay for my fries. No, this is about you not “owing” anyone.
This is you
Money rules your world, Mohammed
So if he says no, you’re going to leave us in the dark as to whether you’re going or not
And if he says no?
You’re going to ask him for money
Asking him what?
So we’re good to get the tickets?
Have you talked to your parents?
Does anyone have faxing capability? <@1405321917371645973> https://bsv.vcu.edu/mailservices/
I edited my address since I messed up the zip code
The online application doesn’t always work. They say to fax/mail it if that’s the case.
EIN couldn’t be done online. I’m going to print it and either fax or mail it
Youssef Bahloul
14109 Walton Dr, Manassas, VA, 20112
Allahuakbar
yea, I'll try it again
Looks like we need to get that EIN first <@1405550223610220587>
Ok I got you with +$19
You don't have $130 right now?
If you want, you can fill out form DS-11 to have ready for the appointment, but DONT sign it until the appointment.

https://www.usa.gov/apply-adult-passport
InshaAllah
Alhamdulillah. Is it for renewal?
tyzeln
Tiezell
hi AJ
for state fee
state fee 100
registered agent 50
creating comp 200
ein 50
we can't hear too well
Good day to fast tomorrow, inshaAllah
Something I want to talk about Thursday, inshaAllah:
https://alif.build/network?tap
I’m ok with that. I’m sure they are since Tyzel called them last Thursday
For the call with the reg agent
per individual: $81 + $6.25
total $324 +$25
phone ??
domain ??
Registered agent 50
llc filing 100
Tyzeol
Tyzelle
Tiezel
everything listed out
do you think she can give us a written bill? <@1405321917371645973>
Tyzel right now
Salamualaykum. We wanted to ask the RVA reg agent about mailing, right? Was there anything else? <@&1409649590386294936>
Shama'il al-Muhammadiyya
New Year’s Day is Thursday, so they’ll likely be closed.
And us all, Ameen
Alhamdulillah
Don’t be scared about the 75%. A majority of the missing 25% is email verification and the entire notification system, the latter of which Im dealing with.
UI ideas:
- dark and sleek with shades of grey and black to make the highlights pronounced
The Quran memorization accountability app. 
Don’t worry about it pal. I did some brainstorming myself.
It was to flesh out the app idea we came up with. Versed
Did you forget your task?
Brother
May Allah replace your pain with barakah
Events, Booked, and Settings are great. 
Notifications is not implemented, but the design in figma is good.
Communities doesn't sit well.
How do you guys feel about refreshing the communities page design?
We'd be making the header position inconsistent across tabs then
I've now set it to 3
we can define how many cards show up in the top stack. in this video i set it to 4. more than that and it'll hit the header
I gave it a little space so the title peeks under the tickets
Looks good
So keep the bottom stack?
Quite bloody simple, innit
Nah bruv. I’ve already sorted it, cuz
As in event name comes at the top
This one’s simple an preferable
I think the stack is nice too
Personally, I like how this one shows just the head of the last one swiped down
What’s the 27?
FYI, I don't know if pressing on the static map opens google maps.
Alright. I'll figure out how to use that and generate the image.
Unless we're getting more than 10,000 events created per month, we shouldn't have to pay anything.
https://developers.google.com/maps/billing-and-pricing/pricing
I fear that will ramp up our expenses
with the event image?
problem is he's got an image that takes up the majority of it
yea, i modified to add the bottom stack, but the first few examples didnt have it
in the youtube video or the examples?
our card and theme may be the issues
Well that is exactly what I did
How is this appearance:
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Jj0VARKT7ss
It seems like an extra step. If we don't block that 25%, there's no need to select it since it's already in focus.
could apple wallet be a little overkill?
leaves alot of room for interpretation
figma isnt animated
You're killing me
So we want it to be just like Apple wallet?
The card is being flung up or down.
The way it currently works is that you use fling gestures not scrolling.
I made it so you can't scroll past the last one, so you still see the discarded stack
I hear you
For this iteration, it doesnt have to always be the first card that shows in the discard:
Salamualaykum. Any thoughts on these?
Second one?
I need to keep my head down and focus on the code. I’ll join the meeting virtually for a bit today and get off early.
Salamualaykum. 

Should descriptions be an option when creating an event?
ybahloul77@gmail.com
Screens  left to finish app:
- ~~Filter~~
- Location picker
- Announcements from community profile
- Community settings
- ~~create event~~~~
- Notifications/log tab
- Settings tab
- ~~Booked tab~~
If anyone has time, I could use help styling this create event button. <@&1408090773584347308> I believe you're working on an icon for event creation which we can use.
which one?
Instead of this abstract rectangle shape with the cutout, how would you guys feel about just making the logo overlap the banner?
about this. Are we displaying the time of athan, iqama, or should we do both?
boxes or no boxes
Which style do you guys like more?
Coming
Let me know when we’re BRAWLing
That’d be cool
Or changes to a red “Unregister” button
The button from the design we’ve been taking inspiration from. The one with the “Afrobeats and chill” event
Event
Did you guys have any ideas for animations  for the register button you want to try out?
Salamualaykum
devour dlc?
donuts?
a 'z' would add so much
Deen Dunk
Muslim Movers
Barakah Bros
Someone get the copyright
Deen Studio
Also added a linear gradient
I see. I’ll try to shorten the distance
So I don’t get the raw dimensions. I divide the dimension of a component by the full phone dimension to get a decimal. That becomes the scale for that component
Yea I agree. I’ll try to make it look cleaner.
What phone do you have? I’d like to eventually test on different screen sizes.
My phone is smaller than the one in figma. I used a ratio of the event size to the phone size from figma to create a scale. That way it’s dynamic based on the size of your device.
The height?
I also like having it skewed more to the left like the original design, but it might be a good idea to show some amount of the previous event so it’s obvious to the user that they can swipe back.
And this one centers the focused event and shows an equal amount of previous and next
This one shows a bit of the previous event card
This one is more like what we have in figma
ayna anta ya brandonator
ayna anta tyzel
Give me 10 minutes
We’re DEVOURING??
We’re brawling?
in the main menu, press custom room
I dont know how to add you so join a custom room with that code
Give me 10 minutes
If you say so
Pc vs mobile  would just be brutal
cowardice
salamualaykum
c u at barnes and noble
Yes to map out my success before we resume our world
شكراً لك
Sounds good
Yousselfie
ON THE BOTTOM LEFT OF WINDOWS TASK BAR CLICK THE VOLUME BUTTON
CAN YOU HEAR US
TYZEL
They ran a test. Plan is to play tomorrow ~8:40pm
Abdelkareeeeeeeeeem
Alaykumsalam
makes sense
switch the words
tihs
try these
do you still have the iridiscent one?
I'll show you who
guess
guess who removed you
do you want to press charges?
crawl towards the light
Mhid!!!!!!!!!
you can come back
im done now
me leaving the bathroom after eating hangry joes
brother
I'll get off to focus on coding.
About to get on after I pray duhr
Postpone hour of pain
That’s not me
draw this character as a png that is peeking from a bottom of a screen (but dont draw the screen, just the transparent png of the character so i can paste it in a figma screen)
me watching issa and tyzel do everything
What you up to MOhammed (country accent)
Getting on now
Nice
First one was better
It’s worse now
I think you should try the no moustache look. It looks like it’d be good
Want me to redo?
These guys <@&1407757518867927100> and <@&1408090773584347308>  got me hooked
Forgive me
I think it was some sort of maintenance
Unlike Mohammed, I will not disappoint.
now or tomorrow?
I have an idea to bounce off you
earth to <@1405321917371645973> . do you copy?
leesylvania state park
i meant 10:30 pacific time
Salamualaykum. I have an errand to run. Should be back by 10:30 inshaAllah
Richmond? Where's that?
Hey Miles. Have you ever had issues trying to connect a meta headset to your computer? I’ve had it working, but lately I haven’t been able to get my computer to show up in the quest link launcher.
What happens if I pick brp? Will it break something?
Hey Miles, did you recommend we use BRP or URP for vr projects?
Alright. Thanks
Hi. I’m Youssef. I had to leave this meeting early due to class. Could we setup a time to meet so I can check out your showcase and discuss with you?
yes, I'll use udemy. Thank you
Hi Carlisle. I was planning to go for the Comptia Security+ cert this summer and was wondering if you had any advice?
Good morning. I’m outside and the doors are locked
Sounds like a hassle. Hopefully I’m quicker to respond next time
Oh sorry, just noticed that was yesterday
Do you still need help with those boxes?
Sorry I won’t be. I’m out of town visiting family for spring break.
Hi Carlisle. I can help you tomorrow morning if you’re still looking for assistance.
Yea the teaser
No way Silco and Vander survived
Just wait till they promote you to senior instructor
I didn’t realize how tough it’d be.
Like this😎
What's it like having work and school?
No doubt
Sculpting with foam?? I’m guessing you won’t be using a hammer and chisel.
How’s school? Started sculpting anything?
Now that I’m gone that is. Would be a completely different story otherwise.
What’s it like being a sensei?
Not bad at all. Area seems safe, my bathroom ceiling hasn’t collapsed, and school is pretty light so far.
U_ssef
parsec
Yea I think that’ll work.
I’ll be back to beat everyone up before anyone knows I’m gone. I’m good for Sunday.
Next Saturday.
You must be excited. You teach her any Muay Thai yet? Just so you know, I’m willing to accept any Muay Thai secrets if you’re giving them out Sifu.
And no unfortunately I didnt.
Hey congratulations! Niece or nephew?
Whaddya say to playing next weekend or maybe even tomorrow?
Obviously
I see. So you hang out at the front desk? Beat people up when they try to sneak in? Sounds like a good job to me. You went from paying to be there to being paid to be there.
What do you get to do the other 70%?
Not jealous
So you started working at trident already? How do you like it so far?
It was a good change of surroundings. Actually went to the outer banks instead of VA beach.
Hey. I’m back from vacation. If there’s anytime you want to play doki just let me know. I am prepared.
Thanks. You too at your game tomorrow.
Gotta wait a week and change. Going to Virginia Beach this Saturday. When I get back maybe we can find a good time.
Especially if you’re going to be playing d&d all day tomorrow
Neat. We could always find another time to do this. Don’t have to keep you up.
Sure, but if you’d rather wait until tomorrow I wouldn’t mind.
Yea that sounds good.
Hey. I'd be cool to play in around an hour, if that works with you.
No prob, drive safe
But I’ve got them
Don’t be silly
George Hellwig Memorial Park
Hey, would it be alright if we went Wednesday instead? Just remembered my mom arrives Tuesday afternoon.
Fine🙄 . Noon works. Be warned: these aren't your everyday, run-of-the-mill old folk. These are merciless, hardened, killers.
Abby… pickleball is no joke. We’ve gotta get there before all the old people so we can warm up.
You. Me. Pickleball. Tuesday. 4AM sharp
Cool cool
Hey, you still up for tomorrow?
Sounds really good. I’ll keep an eye on the clouds up till then 👁️
it looks like pickleball won't be happening today. forgive my lack of preparation. we should try again whenever the weather is good and you're free
It’s raining!!!😵‍💫
Meet at 10am tomorrow?
Morning. How far are you from this park: 14420 Bristow Rd, Manassas, VA 20112 ?
It's George Hellwig Memorial park.
Yea, Wednesday should work with me.
actually thursday sucks too. Friday?
Alright, bad planning on my part since I just realized I’m taking my mom to the airport tomorrow. Would Thursday, or any other day, work instead? Sorry.
Awesome. And it’s like tennis but for old people.
Sounds good. Have fun 👍
Sounds like a worthy sacrifice
Mmmm, will work for sushi
thanks. Did you?
Gonna be out of town tomorrow, so I won't make class.
Oh that’s cool
Do you want to do krav tomorrow?
died
And cuz I need practice ☠️
No problem. Was planning on doing BJJ anyway since I thought you had a partner for Thursday
No worries. If you can't make it I'll take the BJJ class.
That sounds nice. I’ll keep it in mind. There’s so much stuff in DC, it’s like I’ve been living under a rock.
Didn’t expect to find a garden like that in DC
It’s a pretty nice garden. Right next to some Art museum. Pretty small, though it might be cool to check out if you pass by.
Yo, have your travels to DC ever led you to the Mary Livingston Ripley Garden?
But you could use all the practice you could get so 🤪🤡
Nah. We didn’t do anything too crazy. It was actually pretty confusing if anything.
A true ninja
A legend among legends. He only teaches Monday classes
My butt has never been safer
You missed two Sifu Leonard classes back to back 😔
Unfortunately no. Instead I landed some flying knees in sparring follow by elbows for the KO.
How’s it going patient zero?
Stay strong 🫡
Oh. Hopefully you’ll still be able to enjoy your time with your family.
Any idea what got you so sick?
I’ll survive. 🥷
But I know this is secretly because you're afraid I'll kick your butt tomorrow 😎
Guess cranking out masterpieces for finals really put you out of it. I hope you get well soon!
How’d today go?
Yea whatever. We’ll see if you can back up your big talk
Maybe we’ll finally get to play fall guys when finals are over
Try not to get slashed
Don’t sweat it. You feeling alright though?
Didn’t know there was a ceremony until he stapled the flyer on the wall honestly
Definitely looks like it. You should be proud
Oh yea I was there studying
I kind of snuck in. Not sure whether I was allowed but he left the door open
I was
Portraiture is impressive too. I’m no artist but I feel like switching between digital and paper is tough
Oh yea! Maybe we’ll even be in the same hospital afterwards!
No reason for you to apologize. I think I’m catching on to your trickery anyway. I disagree with your last statement, but you’re very kind to say it.
Sorry about the belt slander. Was being a bit of a jerk 💩. I don’t doubt that you deserve the promotion.
They probably called my name too right?? For my black belt????
You can’t jump from purple to brown like that
There’s no possibility of this being real
WHAT
He died because he wanted to. Not because he got shot. 😡 Big difference
You on the other hand…
You would’ve been disappointed. I have the power of head movement. And I watched John Wick 4 a week ago so no way I’d get shot.
And yea don’t skip class
No problem. It would’ve been a long drive for me too.
If it’s that much trouble maybe it isn’t worth it.
Whoaaa
There’s still time to bail
As far as I know, everyone’s on their own. I thought you knew but wow, that’s like 20 minutes more of a trip than it’d take me.
I think I will.
You still going Friday?
Sounds good
Also, it’s short notice but I’m going to see John Wick 4 tomorrow @8pm Alamo drafthouse Woodbridge with a couple of friends if you want to come.
I was worried you’d be a veteran of paintball and annihilate me. I’m guessing they’ll send an email confirmation to the 20.
I submitted the form. If this is anything like the black panther event, we’ll have been the first to sign up. Also, “join the nova community” + 20 player limit is kind of funny.
Totally. I’ll try signing up.
That’s good to hear.
My brain is slow, but are your sister and the other crash victim alright?
Definitely 💯. And same here.
Gosh, maybe we did watch two different shows. Totally never consider how weak Vi is as a character. Hopefully she’ll get some kind of redemption in s2.
At least she can punch stuff
Vi isn’t the brightest character in the series. She kind of switched to piltover’s side after meeting Cait.
Oh. Never actually thought of that. That is weird
Really? Is it because of her role in making Jinx?
Heimerdinger’s probably been stepped on before so I doubt it would faze him.
Uhhhh weakling?? She almost killed jinx in the last episode.
Like an explosion proof suit
Assuming she doesn’t get shot by Caitlyn first. Plus Ekko’s got Heimerdinger to help him craft some anti-Jinx gear
She took it from Ekko
New wallpaper?
Those quotes don’t insinuate anything. In case you’re wondering.
Well actually, I’m insinuating that not everyone is as patient as I am when partnering with a “pro”.
Your partner didn’t get too frustrated today huh?
And that is a killer hairstyle.
She looks timid.
How many dogs do you watch over at once?
Have fun tho
Sounds ruff
True or not, it’s only a matter of time before you stop holding back so much and I have to start wearing body armor. I’ll have to go through a Bruce Wayne training arc. You’ve been warned
Pretty epic body shot combos
That’s not what it looked like when you were sparring Jacob
I thought it was a wake up call for me to learn how to spar. Because apparently my whole schtick is dodging and looking like I deserve to win before I get kneed in the face.
Yea I definitely think you’d be a beast with overwhelming flurries of punches followed with hard low kicks
Yo. What did you think of the whole “multiple styles of Muay Thai” thing from Saturday?
Just you wait
I was so ready for today you have no idea
I rescind my thanks
Thanks
Remember to keep your guard up
I’m a tiny bit under the weather so you’re gonna have to critically injure someone else today.
We’ll see 😎
You can’t bring me down
Awesome
You mean I’m ahead now?
You should probably watch some tutorials then
You like super auto pets
That’s not cool
Next time you won’t even hit me. I was just distracted by Jacob
No consolation
Nah I’m upset
You really let my left thigh have it, and I thought I was getting you back🫠
No way I’ve experienced immense pain and you got off with sore arms
You’re bluffing
You feeling any lingering torment from Saturday?
no joke i have to restart discord
ready?
I’ll be on in 10-15, hopefully there wasn’t an update for the game in the last week
Boooo
Are you still down to get humiliated
Depends
Cool, but dont kid yourself, I'm really good at this game
Hey Abby. I'm downloading Autumn guys right now so whenever you feel like defending the mad trash you were talking yesterday, I'll be ready.
Hi. Is this Chris?
i had dynamic elements
Did good, but I’m not completely satisfied with my sketches yet.
me talking about stormlight archive
I don't want to spoil any of it, but evidently by the time you read these messages you'll be done with 4&5.
I'm reading 5 right now 🐢 . There's more Szeth in it, and so far it's pretty good.
That's really cool though. I've got to stop reading like a snail.
Thank you. You've provided me with ammunition to defend myself next time you and/or Erick get ony my case about being "unc". Book worm 🤓
Hey. Thanks, Erick gave it to me yesterday. You got through the first 3 already?!
Hi Kate. Thanks. It actually opened a year or two ago.
I trust Erick's word. He said it's Quinoa. I don't want to turn around to look at the sign.
Yes. Erick and I are in Quinoa atrium
That’s good for me
Kate, are you available after 2 tomorrow? I’d like to run my senior design study on you.
It’s actually open. Sorry
Your kindness knows no bounds. (Not sarcastic)
Thank you.
Not yet. Could you swipe me into the prayer room in snead hall when you get here?
Hey Kate, are you in East?
Tonight
Kate, I can’t make the 29th for the tabling event.
Perhaps
There’re 6 maps in total, each with a different possessed cultist.
We should do it
Any nightmares?
This is why you’re the project manager of Cyber Criminals.
It’s actually on a Saturday. There was a typo in the email.
Yea, I think we should do it.
Sounds like you've got a lot to do. I don't think Jacob has got much officer work. He is the secretary and these tasks seem relevant to that role.
Good idea. Are you up for crafting the email? I think you'd do a good job of making it adequately informative and welcoming.
got it
I'll check them out
Feeling tired?
I tried to sleep as well, but to no avail
You and Rebecca up?
We could start with some kind of fun demo and then move into a friendly competition like ae27ff or similar.
What do you think of doing a 2 hour club night? Last time we went overtime.
Im going to share a folder within it so everyone can download their challenges to it
We have a CCT google drive, right?
I've been procrastinating, and I found this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QPQmyIV13A
Make sure to answer yes in Erick’s poll
Are you interested in holding a position this semester?
Make sure you work on pico
Thanks Kate. Take care
Erick and I might be late. We’re getting food
Kate, would we get to setup our server ourselves, or would Wesley be doing everything?
I think I lost you
Me too
i think this is going to be very expensive
Guardrails
Pistachio latte
They’re asking about you
No you’re muted
Yes. I’m heading up
Take your time
Thank you
Hey Kate. I think I forgot my laptop charger in your office. Can I come pick it up tomorrow?
Are you sure you don’t play soccer?
No problem
Are you referring to the message he sent yesterday in gmail chat? With this link: https://www.rangeforce.com/free-edition
I’ll check
The lab I’m in isn’t looking for new students now. I asked Nile about labs.  He doesn’t know any specifics, but he said that some bio professors host labs outside of class or at least know of them.
I’ll let Dr. Sonmez know
How about Friday 10am?
Hey Kate. Are you available Thursday or Friday afternoon? The Rangeforce team reached out asking when they could give us a walkthrough.
I sent an email. Is 18 pages too much?
What time will you be there?
I think they're different
that'll be us making it to 4pm
Did he talk about ai use?
can you print the 800 page CLI documents plus the 1300 page introduction to firewall configuration?
might watch it after the competition
i haven't
full boar
im ready when you are
I’ll be late, Kate. Hussein can also join us.
Ahmed told me he was out. Sam and Ethan are ghosts.
Next Monday the university is closed, so our first meeting will be the 27th. Is that good?
Hey Kate. If you want to use the practice environment, let’s share this account to preserve others.
username: v4u1
password: s@k4c#9$E*9#MW
I’ll ask my supervisor and let you know.
Thanks Kate
Actually, it’s in the server
How often is practice?
Hey Kate, how does one join the grappling club?
The coding problems are fun. Haven’t done the others yet. I think it ends at 9pm today.
For HTB" ||ybahloul77@gmail.com        password: RchOU*ohs5%HOv||
You also!
I’ll check it out. Thank you, Kate.
of course
We're also getting more involved by doing more competitions; thus building VCU's presence in the cybersecurity realm. This all goes back to your leadership.
Thank you
Hey Kate. Where was that hidden gem of a study room you were telling us about this Monday?
Please name it RAMsackers
Maybe you and the others can still participate. We’d have to keep it discrete, but I assume they’ll send everyone who registered a username and a password.
Camel casing
Just know that my team objectively has the better name now.
It’s alright Kate. I’m sure everyone will understand. Finals are kicking butt and there’s a lot to keep up with.
I was guided by our previous brainstorm:
Not bad
We took the name "RAMsackers", so don't even think about it.
In that case, im going to register Kevon, Erick, and Ahmed with me.
Hi Kate. Mountain West re-opened their registration for us. We have until tomorrow at 2pm (noon MT). There's 7 of us so we'll make two teams. Do you have a preference for how we split the teams?
Don’t stress about it, your assignment comes first. I’m going to move on to studying for an exam
Kevon and I got the first two but got stuck at steg64
Hey Kate. Are you on the flashctf right now?
that's a good idea
Yes. I’ll send out a form I made for mountain west.
I’m going over ctfs with Nile right now. Completely forgot about the meeting until I got your message
Did I miss it?
I’m trying to join now
Not yet
Awesome, that’s good to hear.
How was the interview?
That helps. Thank you
Yes, they were both at club night in the atrium last Thursday right?
Hey Kate. The lady who took our picture; is her name Nadia or Hazel?
That’d be cool. I’ll keep a lookout for pico challenges that we could potentially compile to craft our own ae27ff experience.
It could be on Thursdays at the same time, since that seemed to work this week.
I bounced
I feel like I’m in the wrong place
I’m in the WiCys room
Are you already there?
photoshop?
yes there does seem to be a gap
got it
I got the pictures
Were you able to get the picture of the team from Hazel?
zsnti3x
Ready when you are
Can do
What time would work for you?
Would you be good to meet tomorrow? Before or after performing your civic duty?
It looks like we won't be able to register for free after 14 hours from now.
Morning Kate. Any news on the CNY hackathon?
finding out
starts at 9
I'm looking at the HTB CTF
Wait
Unfortunately, Roman tells me that UR requests that the CTF be exclusive to their students this year.
I haven’t heard back. I’ll send another message
Session 2 sounds good.
I can attend either. Will we just do one?
Was thinking ae27ff
An audience activity is a good idea, but we’ve gotta make sure it’s engaging and easy to begin.
Maybe in the cybersecurity lab? I’ve never been to it but I believe it’s got desktops
Can we host this anywhere?
This is assuming WiCyS doesn't take both sessions. 
What would club night entail? Will we be making an introduction to potential members? Does it matter that we're not officially a club?
What time are the sessions?
It's possible that the competition is limited to UR students. I let you know when I get confirmation.
Good luck with your studying.
I'll update Erick
That's a pretty good idea. It'll be more likely to encourage discussion if you can see other teams discussing amongst each other.
he'll be fine
I fully intend to create a group chat with my members and firstly initiate a brainstorm of their worst ideas.
poor Erick
I haven't, pinging him would be good
are you still up kate?
will do
im still in my senior design meeting
Are you free at all later? I know you suggested 7:30. I have a senior design meeting at 6:45. not sure how long
Kate. I completely forgot about our meeting.
Awesome
I can do 5:30pm tomorrow
Just added you as a collaborator to the form. So far, confirmed participants are:
Rayan Khan
Rebecca Browder
Erick Zheng
Ahmed Abdelrahman 
Kevon Mahban
Is there a good time for you this week to meet?
thanks
Let me know if this works for you: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdq1tzDW-QzG9cFr8gBLjxH7_3B2cd_i-gUjprgD1DwonP3kg/viewform?usp=sf_link
I’ll send a poll to survey how many are planning to participate.
Kate, it seems that the team picture is happening today.
Thanks
No problem
Yes. He also wants Erick to create a spreadsheet of competitions we’ve participated in.
Oh wow. Hopefully the damage isn’t severe. 

Challenge progress is going pretty slow for the team. Four members showed up yesterday, and we mostly spent the hour on a basic burp suite challenge.
You alright, Kate?
Hey Kate. Any change with the wiki?
Done. Also promoted you to admin
Yes. He said he reserved the room for the rest of the semester.
Awesome
Thanks. I'll likely join the meeting midway. Are you still planning to do career prep?
Hey Kate, would you be alright with leading tomorrow's meeting solo? I'm considering going to the CoStar event to speak to the recruiters.
Same
Did you try out the flash CTF?
It looks great. A lot easier on the eyes now too.
Good idea. I'll check to see if my individual access is granted tomorrow morning, and if there's anyway I can access our specific page from there.
Where did you make the request? Did you do it recently?
No. Although I'm on the vpn, I get a status 500 whenever I follow the link wiki.vcu.edu.
have you tried this? I just submitted an application
you're not getting http status 500 are you?
I went through: https://wiki.vcu.edu/display/CCT
I'm getting an internal server error. Are you?
Awesome. I’ll let Sonmez know soon.
Got it. Thanks for letting me know
I'll be in E4224 early if you want to talk about the slides/meeting
i think i found it
Also, when you have time, try joining the team I made for patriot.
Name: VCU
Password: sojGNVMJZ7W5
Good ideas. Do you already have a google slides? I can share one.
Sure
What time tomorrow morning works for you?
Thursday evening looks good
Hey Kate. Is there sometime this week we can use to plan for the upcoming meeting?
How about 7:45?
Not a problem. Sunday evening is also good.
I have a class tomorrow at 11am. We could have a meeting from 10-10:45am tomorrow. Sunday can also work.
What do you say to meeting this week once we’ve both had time to look at the competition options and time to work on the slides?
Hi Kate. I shared the blank google slides with you. I have a billet point outline for how to structure the presentation. I’ll share that as well.
There weren't any responses to the google form. Everyone's probably avoiding discord for as long as they can while school is still out. What do you say to holding the meetings on Mondays from 4-5pm?
I added a comment to the cyberrange+meta discussion; otherwise, looks good.
Yea, I think polling the returning members would help with deciding our meeting time. When do you need to send in your work schedule?
Wow, it looks really good. I'm all good with that.
Let me know what you think if you've already played with it, or if you have time to check it out later on.
Thank you
i joined
bahlouly@vcu.edu
Hi Kate. I'm ready when you are
Could we do 6:00pm on the same day?
Hi Kate. Hope you’re doing well this summer. Do you want to meet sometime next week to discuss issues regarding next year’s CCT?
Dr. <@689331234383331332> , can you please transfer the <@&1151935347987587219> role from Kate, Erick, and I to Bulonziyee, Ahmed, and Kevon?
When exactly will the grant vanish?
Dr. <@689331234383331332> it looks like we mistook the MACCDC qualifier as being held next year; however, it already took place Jan. 20th, 2024. The competition ended in March.
Thanks
Dr <@689331234383331332> can we reserve room E4224 again for next Monday's meeting?
Next to the track
Let me know when you’re here
No problem. Get better soon.
Is it only 3 of us?
Can’t do Sunday. You guys go ahead
To the poll?
First game this coming Monday
green checkmark means you accepted and show on the roster
blue checkmark means i sent an email request
I’ve made the team. Once you’ve purchased your intramural season pass, drop your email here and I’ll send the invite.
Very funny
Who is that?
Our name is “drop tables”
Special requests for team logo?
Monday 9:30, Tuesday 8:30, or Tuesday 9:30
Wow, Daniel and I sounded really desperate there
She can still join our team
Open.
Well, we don’t need two Daniels.
I can ask someone. But if we have only two, they’d have to stay on the field all game
Open comp
Otherwise, we’re playing competitive in either the Open (men, women, nonbinary) or Men’s league.
To explain:
There’s only one causal league, and that’s CoRec, which means we need 2 women on the field at all times.
I did. I don’t see any change to my account, though.
I’m on the field.
Is Santiago still joining, Daniel?
How early on Sunday do you guys wanna practice?
Oh. I thought you made it up
drop tables is kind of growing on me now
T.S.D.E.M.B.S.T.D.T?! Was a team effort
We’ll decide with unbiased democracy
Does that mean you’re ok with our abbreviated name?
and the season doesn't start till the 26th of Jan
Never mind. 25 characters
Not sure yet. I just purchased the season pass so I need to wait until it goes into effect for me to make the team.
Super epic mega basketball squad
Team Enjoy Basketball
Nothing right now
Team name idea for when we register?
Morning sound good?
A few of us were talking about going this Sunday.
I could do Wednesday after 1:45
Also condition your wallets, because I think we each need to pay $10 to sign up.
Hey. Like this message if you still want to play soccer this semester.
My confidence has skyrocketed
Great exchange team!
This is the team so far. There’s one more but I need to get his discord.
Soccerers
In case others want to see
Migration?
i think 303 gave me cheats for the first few questions
i agree
i have bigger fish to fry. like #5
gradescope will answer all my questions
maybe ask in the server? or message professor?
she mentions precedence of addition over multiplication but i didn't hear anything about subtraction vs addition
I'll see if i can find that in the video
The example we did see concerned addition and multiplication
I went off pemdas
Alright. I’ll get back to you
Gonna do them this morning
I’ve got questions 5-8 left
Will do
I’ll go make the change
Since I just copied the components
Oh I see. I used a search icon and I didn’t make the adjustment to dependencies
Since I cloned your repo, shouldn’t package.json be identical?
Yea, except the module that could not be found was ./common
Think it's alright for me to push my components? I have them in the same folder as the table.
No, I'm not sure what it is. I do have the imports in all my components. When entering npm run start I receive an error telling me that the module './common' can't be found.
sounds good. see you then
I'm willing to share the speech
we can present over it
sent in art nexus. showcase for our project
You alright with the video?
Awesome. Thanks for the invite
What’s this about
Greatly underestimated my sandwich eating speed. Won’t be too long.
Apartment. I can be there by 6
Library?
Thank you Theus
Awesome. I’ll look over it, email it to damevski, then submit it.
You checked the formatting guide?
Truly, Theus, you are legendary.
no problem
Damevski approved it and told us to assume the current groups we have as well as the progress we have.
Right. Technically it is, but they’re creating a poster on sound emotion recognition. We’ve both deviated from our official project descriptions, and our posters will reflect what we have been doing.
I want people to know that the bottom progression is for the emotion datasets we're creating
Also, this is what I wanted to do with divider lines:
Theus. It may look scrappy, but I'm sure with a little creativity we can rise to glory.
I'll send it to you before 5:30.
Hi Ms Babauta
Yes, but I’m good to go earlier.
Or both????
Maybe we could do it Saturday or Sunday morning
Friday afternoon?
Pball tomorrow morning?
Still playing lethal?
Hi Gokul. This is it
thanks
Hey Daniel, are discussions accepted late in professor Leonard's classes?
Could you share his discord with me?
Thanks. I’d be happy to partner with him
It’s not Nima. I can’t find the person.
That’s when I asked if you had alternatives.
He shows up to class, sat next to me, and when class was over he asked if I had a partner and then if I wanted to partner with him. I thought it would be harsh to say no.
Nima, I think.
I got someone
Thanks Daniel
Do you know anyone reliable in 408 who’s looking for a partner?
do you need connection?
he's in my cryptography class
Sounds like a good idea
You?
Not regularly.
Usually I’m up front
Thought I recognized you
Oh sick
Here's what we presented: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nAWtcgiuiqx3Ib5i9a64722fstpCURhHdcpJO39LMSk/edit?usp=sharing
Ameen, Wa iyyak
Salamualaykum Wa rahmatullahi Wa barakatu, Ahmed. Best wishes for your health. InshaAllah khair.
Have a good Umrah inshaAllah
Sunday?
Salamualaykum Ahmed. Are you good for this weekend?
Salamualaykum. I updated the CS Club Night slides we'll present. Check your email for them. If you want to make any changes, do.
Maybe you could use a signature letter Z instead of multiple
oh i get it
Didn’t use one
I got the flag from that
I just took the cipher text in WWZD.txt and pasted it into a vigenere decoder.
Salamualaykum Ahmed. I just tried your challenge. I like that you added the picture of Vigenere as a clue.
I understand. InshaAllah khair
It's no problem Ahmed. This is definitely out of my area as well. Don't be afraid to try it if you change your mind.
Salamualaykum Ahmed. If you're interested in competing jan. 18th, make sure to fill out the form in the bulletin by tonight.
Salamualaykum Ahmed. What is your class year? I need it for signing us up for mountain west.
E4229
Salamualaykum Ahmed. There’ll be a Cybersecurity Competition Team Meeting next Monday, September 9th from 4-5pm. Undetermined location. Will let you know when I find out.
Right below that, you can view this month's completed flash ctf. Although it's over, you can still work on the problems. The writeups are released and you can view the solutions there.
No problem
Salamualaykum Ahmed. Here is the link to the Cybersecurity competition team
The qualifiers are virtual from Feb. 7-9, 2025.
Our presentation from this Monday (9/9/24):

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nAWtcgiuiqx3Ib5i9a64722fstpCURhHdcpJO39LMSk/edit?usp=sharing
Hey Kush. Can you join the Cybersecurity Competition Team on RAMsconnect? This is to meet club requirements.
Kush, the plan is to play pball again tomorrow after UI. Are you game?
Sorry about your shoulder, Kush. How’s it feel?
I’ll see if Erick and Kate want to go.
Teams of up to 4
Will do. Thanks Kush
are they in use?
Yo Kush. Do you know if ram rocketry has any 900mhz xbees?
its okay kush well figure it out -Erick
Appreciate it. See you Monday in class
Thanks for going out of your way to help with the code today. I learned from your explanation and work.
alright
Hey Kush. Do you have lethal company? Erick and I are playing if you'd like to join
Same
Either pumping lemma from regular languages or context free will be on there presumably
Slides are up. Matching will probably make a return
No chicken 🐔
I showed up a little late, then left after the slides
See you in class tomorrow
Good, I’ll let you know
Thursday
Alright. We also go Tuesday and Wednesday if you figure you can make it
Yea that’d be fun. Nile and I usually go to the gym after morning prayer. We get there around 6:30 nowadays. Would you be able to join us then?
Skill issue
Matching kept me a while
But I’m confident
Was more challenging than I presumed
That sounds frustrating. How’d you feel about the questions?
Welcome to the team
can you check again? I canceled and resent
Hey. Is that the email you registered when purchasing your intramural pass?
Leather jacket?
I’m there
Mistook sweatshirt price as qzip price
The swag is $55?
No problem
You're right so far, but there's more to the flag. Try looking around given the challenge link. The info you need will be on that page.
Let me know what time you can meet tomorrow.
I can meet Monday
Don't forget this vid
We wouldn’t be the ones robbing naive innocents of thousands of dollars.
We would be canceling out their evil
The scammers are evil
Let’s become vigilantes
Guys we should do this
Elshowaya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shall we climb to diamond in 15 minutes?
Elshowaya22?
Evening
Thursday
I’m not interested in play. I’m interested in winning
Ranked 3v3 is a game mode in brawlhalla. Just saying
Friday afternoon to early Sunday morning
We won't be in Saudi until Monday
Pick 18:00
Just let me know
You're welcome to carpool with us from my house. You can get dropped off or leave your car.
InshaAllah, Tyzel will drive to my house that morning. Departure is at 2:30pm, so we should be at the airport at least at 1:00pm but probably before.
do you have sandals?
Actually through email
I’m keeping track of expenses in a google sheet. I’ll share it in discord
Dont text and drive
I thought you mistyped “how”
Use English. I just now got that you were asking “how much”
A water bottle is a good idea
Everyone should make sure they have travel essentials:
We need to get some train tickets and rent a car
We should schedule it for Friday evening or anytime Saturday
We can also schedule a Rawdah visit in Nusuk
I’m able to get an umrah permit on nusuk now. Try it. March 9 from 18:01 to 20:00
I think Nusuk might have some options for transportation to look at.
Once you have your visa, you can also use the nusuk app. Try to see if you can get your Umrah permit. I couldn't select the date when I tried it.
I’ll call you after class
If we look at the total price for everything, we then just simply divide it by 4 (for 4 people)
Ignore it
Ignore per night
What do you have
Then divide by 4
So if you do 4 times 74
So we have 4 nights
Yes 74 per night
How do you mean?
we're booked for the new mecca place
doing it now
good?
we're paying for greater proximity and more time
OLD one: $74/each and >2hours walking from Al-Haram
NEW one: $125/each and ~40 minutes walking from Al-Haram
Can i jump on it now or not
can't im in a class
it's each
for an entire week, that's not bad
now it would be 245
im going to jump on the 125 new mecca one
The NEW mecca one is $125
No. The mecca one we CURRENTLY have is $74. And medina yes is $120
for which
total
the medina one which is for 2 nights is about $119 each
i agree
just divide by 2 i think
Ok i check as well it was $74 with tax
each of us would pay 93 for the full 4 nights
for each
can you double check? I thought it was 93
there are no refunds
i think so too
no it's like $93
each
they added the VAT taxes
wait
you check it thoroughly?
and there's only one quad room left
They require payment to reserve
but it's way closer
it isnt much more expensive than what we have for mecca right now
Check this out
And if you want to do it more than once, it makes more sense to have more time in Mecca
Medina doesn’t have anything to do with ummrah
I think we should transfer one of our Medina day to Mecca
We need time to visit even one of these places. We can fully expect Hira to be packed. The others likely will be too.
I'm going to do some more research on our options. You guys should as well
Fair point.
Pull up the $9k/night one, Mohammed
What if we splurged on a nice hotel for the second Mecca stay? To end the trip.
From what we've reserved, Mecca is cheaper yes.
At least back when she did umrah, but I'm not sure for the present.
Also, my grandmother told me that the base of clock tower next to Al Haram distributes breakfast for free during ramadan, and there are cafes/restaurants around there as well that are paid.
I will, inshaAllah
Mecca hotel to Al Haram ~ 2 hours
Medina hotel to Al Nabawi ~ 40 minutes
The link I sent above is the Medina reservation
We looked at a few places. The one we reserved I think is the 2 hour one
Do you need a pin to see my link?
If it’s the same one we were talking about most of the time
So we can get this visa done, inshaAllah
Look up other options if you can
Can you send the link
This is the Medina reservations:

You can access this booking with this PIN: 6404. Take a look: https://secure.booking.com/app_link/myreservations.en-us.html?stid=325542&bn=6180222267&aid=332731
Good. You ready for hack the box?
How’s everyone doing?
it doesnt have to be named VCU if that's what you mean
Nile or Erick start another team
It seems that the max team size if 5
If i find a roblox challenge...
one, two, THREE
InshaAllah
Awesome. Looking forward to listening to these
This is a cool podcast. JazakAllah khair for sharing it
Hopefully schematics turn out similar in both
I don't have anything vital on this. Thankfully, I pushed the code I was working on to Github before the failure. If you're sure you don't need it, I may just scrap it.
I'll likely take you up on this. Would you be willing to look over a schematic or pcb design when I'm finished with it in KiCAD?
Can't tell if I'm oversimplifying or overcomplicating things when it comes to circuits and pcb design.
I see. Yea, this EE stuff is proving to be a real trial by fire. Sometimes literally.
Do you know if there's anything vital on this vm? Or do you have any copies saved elsewhere? IT says there's nothing they can do, and all that's left is to reach out to Broadcom.
Unfortunately, I came into the lab one morning a couple weeks ago and couldn't open your win10 vm due to an unknown disk error.
Hey John. Hope everything's good. How's the internship?
I appreciate everything, John. It’s been very helpful to have your guidance and resources. Good luck with your internship! Likewise, I think you’ll do great
Was the win 11 vm problematic?
I’ll be back Monday and on that.
Sorry. I meant the doc you found online with the steps to download the File Converter. The one with the images.
Could you send me the link to that doc you found for the "File converter" save?
The pin is 0510
Congrats to Alpha Zheng
did you guys talk?
you went to the ceremony? nice, I wish I was there
right person
How are you, Erick?
no problem
Im done. let me know when you're ready
With some other guys right now. I’ll let you know when we’re done
as long as it takes
me neither
Are you working tonight?
I've seen worse
Trust me
Challenge accepted
I'm sure we can do Valorant/Devour next weekend. Hopefully with Nile
oh wait
what are you up to?
trying to make a portfolio
website design
got it
Everything ok?
When did Dr Ahmed tell you to show up at the lab?
Maybe
It works for me
Let’s do 9am
If that doesn’t strain you
Is it possible to go there in the evening instead? Say after 8pm?
We can hit chest tomorrow
We payed the fee for this spring, so our membership extends through summer.
It is applicable
I sleep
You too
I'll see you thursday
no. studying
no problem
still interested in working in Dr. Ahmed's lab?
not tomorrow, I've got to study for 414
how about you mr zheng
good mr zheng
got it
how do you exit a poetry shell?
In hw13
Did you encounter this problem?
Chest fly
I’m here
cool
Hey Erick. When you and Kush did your database project, did you connect to the vcu server to make the database?
Going to the track while I wait
I’m here
it was a gesture of affection
you guys should watch Soupierier
huh?
Studying at qahwah sounds incredibly difficult.
If I recall correctly, you got blanchard's this morning because "I got qahwah 4 times this week bro".
It's late
qahwah house now?
Just give me a few minutes
Say no more
W viewer
Then you would know I'm the number 1 viewer of Soupierier
but i wont show it
there's more
I'll show you
you're getting flamed in chat right now
you got souped
he deleted your messages too
We should ask Daniel to play Devour with us. He'll get hundreds of viewers
Rage
And then:
One game
Psst
Pssst
With retirement to brawlhalla
Well then I guess it’s settled
Friendship ended
What about brawl right now
How about chest at 9 before pickleball on Sunday?
He threw a chair through the window
There will be more presentations next Tuesday. Not many groups showed today.
Dr Ahmed had a list of groups he especially wanted to present, but he didn’t reveal it. Instead, he asked for volunteers.
Over
You’re so funny
Did you tell her?
Insist that she doesn’t
If you both dont go, we don’t have to present.
Fair. Kate as well?
Ends at 3. Will you need than 1.5 hours to setup?
That’s from 2-5
Do we have to?
I'll let him know
Gotta be somewhere at 11
No gym
Let’s extend our recovery period today
oh, that's val?
where's your test?
you mean img1.txt
train can contain labelled folders, each with appropriate data
images already containts train and val
Why not just use one folder
names = labels?
Wow. That's it?
Can you tell me how you trained your object detection model or share the code?
my kali burpsuite has problems
can you demonstrate using burp to brute force the weak login creds?
do you have an idea for this?
uploaded
still uploading
pick up where i left off. you could also show the victim's perspective: how they would access the system
using gdrive
too large
nevermind
pushing recording to github
You're welcome to. I'll share mine
going to record what i have, then try a windows box
it's as if the stream isnt running
didnt pick it
but still, even if i try with the ip
oops, i tried that with localhost
still can't connect to the stream
however,
Ok. Now I can find the rtsp url as the attacker
do you have to push the port change or can i change it easily?
find rtsp
brute force
page
find the login pag
then the attacker is likely to check the victimip:8080
ok. say we make that change
can i find it without specifying it
can u find port 4200?
any url?
no rtsp?
or: nmap --script rtsp-url-brute localhost
try: nmap localhost -sC
nmap --script rtsp-url-brute -p 8554 localhost
can you try nmapping yourself with the rtsp brute script
you dont have issues getting the stream?
i pinged ubuntu from kali
i docker composed and ps and see the two processes
i open vlc and paste the url in the network stream window
rtsp://localhost:8554/cam1
In fact, using this i cant even access the stream on the victim machine itself
rtsp://192.168.56.101:8554/cam1
im not addressing localhost in my query, im using the actual ip of the victim
kali and ubuntu vm
vms both on host-only
they're on the same network
I have the url
I dont understand why I cant connect to the video stream from the attacker box
I'm going to go eat
rtsp://localhost:8554/cam1 entering this in the attacker box (replacing localhost with the victim ip) gives me vlc errors
the likelihood that an attacker would guess the web portal to someone's webcam is written in angular is not favorable
what's the significance of 4200
didnt see it
As an attacker, how do I know about this frontend
explain thoroughly
how about directory traversal attacks?
with wireshark we'll see tcp packets, but they won't be plaintext
maybe we can just explain that in the presentation
i tried using the nmap script "rtsp url brute" but got no result
well, im not sure how we would find that
at first it was just root right?
but you added that part
I just realized that the attacker, knowing the victim ip, can just append :8554 and know the vlc url.
Let's focus on one vulnerability at a time
I have a kali and ubuntu box. I can find the victim and find that they have an rtmp and rtsp service running.
trying to find the url as an attacker
working on routing my path for the demo
It worked after building the image
Don't i have to build the image and container first?
nevermind, i see the login page folder
did you delete all of the vuln-ipcam stuff?
i have it open on vlc
blue/mediamtx stores?
I have two containers
I ran docker compose
everything you said
huh?
huh?
is there on for the frontend too?
Checked docker ps --all
I don't think it completed successfully. I don't see any running containers.
what do i do after docker composing?
apologies
this was the problem
still getting yesterday's error: "unable to get image 'bluenviron/mediamtx"
Status?
brawl break?
How’s it going?
Ok. I’ll do pull ups then join you at rows
Where
I lost you Erick!!
Erick????
I’m here
I’m on my way
Yea, but I assumed you weren’t going. Last time you said “we’ll see” and never confirmed.
You went to the gym?
Ha ha just kidding
Brawl?
wanna brawl?
Status?
I do. Besides, we can’t hack on public Wi-Fi.
Chest
No problem
DeBrueler
Status?
I’ll be upstairs
On your way?
Legs Wednesday?
get back to learning
what
I won’t be in class today
No, you go ahead
Chest
Waiting for him to read my chat message
Brought one
potentially at 11
Do you know if your team submitted a pptx or pdf?
Have you submitted your poster?
Erick
In front of the bench press
The pocket of the gym next to the entrance
What
I’m in
ETA?
Chest tomorrow?
I’ll just sit in CLC
Did you message her?
I’ll meet you there. Meeting isn’t till 3
You in qahwah?
Taking that as a yes
Do you want to skip?
Chest tomorrow 8:30 and back Wednesday 8:30?
Coming
I’m coming
I think we save gym for Monday
Gym of staraight to work?
What are you doing?
I'm free until 3
Gym at 9
Maybe hit the gym first.
Come over and we can complete the project.
Are you free tomorrow? We could get more time on the project.
tell your brother to skip
take the day off
Let's skip class next thursday
Meaning you’re not busy the week of
The week before?
I’m here
Got it
The notes he uses for the slides. They’re also in quarto
Do you know how to get to Professor Leonard's notes from canvas?
Maybe some other time. Are you always only available at night?
I need to rebuild my good sleeping habit
this was all your fault
Thanks
do you think you can create those jwt challenges?
Are you on your way
You’re going to walk from Kate’s?
ETA?
Do you have lotion with you?
Up to you
On my way
Are you at home?
sure that sounds doable
sleep probably
how much later
good, about to upload rockyou
The discord challenge was fixed right?
I’m outside
Will be on the silver field
I request 8:30
Are we going 8 or 8:30
RAM_CTF{TURNING_POINTS}
Thanks. Good night
There are still many .exe files
I'll try again
There are thousands that match that query
That's bonkers
Sounds good
Going to the gym with you
On campus?
Or give me a rundown?
Can you give the team a rundown at tomorrow’s meeting?
Are you familiar with JWT manipulation?
Do you know any JWT manipulation and related challenges?
good night
yes you can
after club night??
this crew is lively
we won't make it
is club night
Now?
move to the other atrium
where are you
Working on my senior design app
What do you mean?
Depends on if I get weekend access to the lab. I’ll let you know
How’s that?
Gym Friday from 8 to 9:30am. Then we can go straight to the lab. Should be done by 10:30am at the latest.
see you in 30 minutes
short drive
halal munchies
drive back
you home?
What’s your schedule Friday? Do you have time for the study and gym in the morning?
may just attend class virtually this time
See you in 427
You gone?
On the soccer field
I’ll be on the track
What league of legends will do to you
I’m here
Same time tomorrow?
Sounds good. Can you do Thursday too?
Wanna hit gym Wednesday morning?
Did you get an email from C2C?
can you try this?
Status?
I'm heading to the gym soon.
Good morning.
Legs
Do you want to make it later?
Yea. When are you going?
Gyming Monday morning?
Click this link to add as friend in Clash Royale! https://link.clashroyale.com/invite/friend/en?tag=920VGVVC&token=t8s67j63&platform=iOS
Thank you
I’ll pass. I don’t want to become addicted
Qahwah?
You’re almost to campus?
I wouldn’t want to make the rest of the team jealous
If you have time today, try the web challenges from last year. They're on the doc
During the career fair
You’ll have the chance at Cyberfusion
How was the fair
But you see packets labeled HTTP?
I see it.
I’m not getting http. Just TCP and MDNS
Did you capture on Wi-Fi?
Did you capture http packets in assignment 1?
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
let me quickly try a binary problem and we can work on web
Hunger games
no not that one
seeqlite
i got one of them
working on binary problems
Yea he got all of them
Me too at first
Down = 1 
Up = 0
I can’t believe that’s it
You’re right
Just don’t know what it means
I got the picture of the birds on the wire
Did you get to the flag file in Husky Hash?
Good. You?
Erick, where did you get that schedule for cyberfusion
Layers
https://editor.p5js.org/Yousselfie/sketches/U0ZsRngke
If you’re early, I’m in the atrium
You can do this Erick. I’m confident I’ll see evidence of your success after I wake up tomorrow. Good night.
Any interesting headers in the requests you send?
Which challenge?
Sounds good. No pressure Erick. You’re already number 1 on the team (pressure).
You don't have to pick a focus, but do you think you could work on one pico problem a day until cyberfusion?
Hussein is on reverse engineering. I think Rebecca is into forensics.
I have 28 cryptography problems left on pico. I was thinking you could try to focus on one category, then we can bring each other to speed.
I was thinking of making it batman themed
I'm lacking a uniform theme for my dcc
I've been working on my sustainability panel
I should've known
Doing p5js?
Not actually laughing
Gaming, real life stuff (the zoo)
We should plan some fun activities.
I was
Have you registered for C2C?
See you tomorrow for legs
I don’t know what I’m saying
Last person to leave east wins
Barricades
If we’re going to survive
Erick we need supplies
In east
We’re still waiting
we're munching after class?
For rsa_oracle:
any ideas what we could spend 3.5k on? Even if we purchase the HTB sub, we'd have 1.8k left. I doubt we'll purchase rangeforce, but we'll see next Friday.
Looked like Dr. Sonmez was typing a response for you there
Gave you permission to view the admin channel
If you show up tomorrow, would you stay the whole time 😎
Sounds good
You mean in person?
It’s ok, Erick, if you don’t compete.
The photo release?
It’s better that you do it than the authorities.
If we can even compete. We didn’t know about this proctor stuff until today.
We’re not expected to do well, we’re computer science. We aren’t Info systems and none of us have experience close to this.
I don’t think any of this is going to work. Let’s get through Saturday and then all we worry about is cyberfusion
Not the lab, this is a demo environment they sent us last night. Check the MACCDC channel. Go ahead and make your own. Kate and I will share this one.
if you want to login:
username: v1u1
password: s@k4c#9$E*9#MW
Erick. Don't make an account for the test environment
Erick. Are you within reach of a turning machine right now?
Dr Sonmez made a request of VA Cyber Range support that they add that problem
I’m talking about or va cyber range CTF environment. The one we started the year with
Thanks to Dr. Sonmez, we can now practice "Doc rox". It's in our CloudCTF practice environment under the "Cryptography" section.
I performed a time-based side channel attack instead
It might’ve, but it was slow.
got "SideChannel"
I can be on then
when do you want to start?
goodbye erick
I'll give you an opening
you've ruined the synchronization
do it
please delete your previous replies and answer with the above gif
That depends on how late. I usually sleep at night.
it's only 20 minutes of video
have you tried the rsa ones?
me too
they're hard in label mostly
and senior design
been doing a good amount of pico
also ok
how's it going?
maybe I'll email the va cyber initiative that hosted the competition to request the problem
no, i cant find it
not the practice environment, but the competition
Cyberrange
Hey enerinn, did you ever get "doc rox"?
On my way
call in cyber chefs?
why?
No, but 3.5 points won’t make much difference.
Not good
In class?
Not sure
You ok?
They already do
do you have the answer to these?
this whole thing is the security def for prf?
i mean for the actual
for 2.1 of the midterm, did you draw the game for cpa and cca, then write the security definition (pr[a wins] ...) for both? are the security defintions the same for both?
ddh being broken doesn't necessarily mean cdh is broken
The second one is not necessarily true. Therefore, no.
if dlog is broken, then ddh is broken. Therefore, yes to the first.
where is that?
im afraid this is lamport
cant blame it
oh yea
when we described mac construction in #2, we drew a picture
it checks out with the textbook
you have lamport at the end
or we didn't take sufficient notes
still working hw6?
In the pocket next to the stairs with the tv and whiteboard
I’m in ERB
I want to check east first, maybe there’s somewhere quiet and nice
I ate, but I’ll head over while you get your food. East or west?
Yea. Are you on campus?
Working on HW6
thanks again Erick.
I’d appreciate that. Thank you
Erick, what did you use for hw5? Are there any specific pages in the textbook? For question 3 I mean.
Is the crypto final next Wednesday (12/11)?
You’ll soon return to normalcy
I don’t gamble
In brawlhalla?
crisis averted
it's not chill guy related
dont care
figured it out
please come up with an alternative. choosing this as our name has caused me great internal conflict
Take off to eat with Nile and I?
Working tonight?
Maybe you could start the download now before heading to work
Sounds fun
Crypto?
Have fun at work
Skip?
I expect you’ll be ready by 12pm. Dismissed.
At the gym. Sitting on the soccer field
Less typing, more doing
Stream pico
What’re you doing?
Well I’m missing the entire #0 vs #1 part that is input to b to provide s
Not bad. You’ll get there someday
How about you?
Hey Erick. When you have the chance, can you send me your reduction proof for symmetric key encryption with PRG?
i can
Whichever tickles your fancy
I’ll be in uav after I get food
Where
Erick
just go for a run
told you it was good
no problem
Still there?
Will be downstairs
I’m gonna look over that and the textbook.
Exam practice?
Will in a few
Not yet.
Cool. We can talk about it Tuesday
Sunday works for you but Saturday doesn’t right?
Played pball with Daniel yesterday. You should join us next weekend
Mass memorization
Started studying for 415?
When you get the chance, Dr Sonmez asked a question in general that you have the answer to.
Im setting the example of going to sleep at a reasonable hour, so that I wake up early and energized to tackle all that may come my way, including CTF.
I am
nope
trying the practice problems?
yes, but i still intend to communicate with our teammates.
we cant compete in the UR one, but HTB is game
the HTB ctf is individual
UR wishes to keep their competition to themselves. We won't be needing team captains
you're fired
erick
good night
short story is your a legend
will tell you later
im asleep right now
I'm going to sleep
We're gonna make text channels in the discord for each team.
You'll be with Rayan and Sam
Erick
You were able to find our placements?
no meeting
Does symmetric key encryption refer to EAV security?
I appreciate your confidence in me Erick
erick is this guy building a bomb next to us
WWtkV01Fb3pUV2RhUnpobldUTlNiVWxIVG05WlYzaHpXbGMxYmxwWVRUMD0=
I'll one up you. Or THREE up you! (100pts)
Good. On my way
Figured the meeting would go over time like last week’s
I’ll stop by the meeting after I’m done with UNOS
Back to studying.
Cool. This’ll be good for the team. A morale boost perhaps after the slaughter at PatriotCTF
Varying difficulty?
How many are there?
Keep going. I’m sure there are plenty of challenges
It’s ok. Just try not to win all of them, since Nile and I would like to participate
Try the challenges?
I’m studying for 440
for now, let's skip the documentation of the installation process. better to focus on the essential knowledge; how and when to use the application
installation of what?
Burp suite would be a good start, considering this Monday’s meeting.
Well, it’s not like they have a CCT template. It’ll probably be mostly blank. Regardless, having the documentation written would speed up the populating of the wiki.
No, the wiki is provided by VCU.
That wasn’t meant to be a reply to that
For example, I’m thinking of writing a how-to on wsl, since it would be much easier for newbies to acquire and start using Linux than virtual machines.
Anything you think would be useful for beginners to know for cyber competitions. Mostly technical stuff. Tools, strategies for different problems.
Erick, although we don’t have wiki access, you can begin documenting right now. Just ensure that you record your hours manually so that you can submit them later.
i did that one a while ago, I'll take a look
you might be assembling the string incorrectly
this helped
I’ll try it out. What’s your issue with weirdsnake? Do you understand the bytecode?
Heap 0 and weirdsnake are the only ones I have left
Hey Erick. Have you tried weirdsnake?
good, especially since your becoming the team oracle. you need to BECOME the documentation
especially on the code analysis ones, learn how to do that manually
i implore you to not use gpt
excellent
I'm checking with Kate. I've never been able to get into the wiki
Did Dr.Sonmez mention the wiki with you?
Most likely
Maybe they’re chatting with some stellar candidates
I think things died down, Aon has around 6 people waiting
This is my second. I had to leave the site at around 1.
I’m talking to them now
Sorry. I got distracted
Have you been waiting on bogart?
I clicked on “chat with reps”
I’m waiting at Aon with 25
Yes. It didn’t take long
The booth was scarcely populated when I was there, could be a good opportunity to connect with the company
Talked with a bogart representative. Was told the positions require clearance and that I’d be notified if any opportunities for obtaining one through them arise
Have you started texting anyone?
I’m looking at employer booths
Are we only able to chat via text?
I think each company will have their own video call booth. Probably with a queue
A few:
Maximus
Aon
FBI
FEMA
Bogart are some of the ones on my list
I’ll check this afternoon
The wiki?
Excellent
I’m not opposed to it
I disagree
I’m going to make a discord study group
It was a progression of the previous CPA diagram.
CCA security
Nothing. We took the midterm
Erick, I’m actually going to skip halal this time. I’ll eat at home
Maybe I’ll join you
Are you planning on getting halal?
That’s good
Senior design
Do you have a meeting?
No. I didn’t talk to cgi
I left
Want to meet after?
I’m in class
Going to East
I’m in west hall right now
No problem
See you soon
Heading out now
Going at 10?
Mixer?
Cru8GJzIP
good morning
your attempt at being modest sucks
ONLy
ok mr 1000 points
i need to start hitting the picogym
I've only gotten 1 total
i tried sqlmap to sql inject the site to no avail
yea i used that, i thought it said csrf. i must be misremembering
how did you get a jwt token? i found csrf
did you use burp suite
Right there how?
i dont mind if you dont
no need for airpods
quit your job
join the voice channel
working?
makes sense
not cs majors
but if i already solved it at a certain point value, that should be the amount of points i keep. I think you get punished if you go too long without solving another challenge
my points went down from 362 to 100
Brute force?
Yes Erick
i sleep
i wonder if the capilization of FLINGS is a clue
have you run puzzle_room.py?
maybe we are supposed to play it but we're missing a crucial clue that'll make it simple
a crucial clue
i think there must be a faster way, the first solves were 5 hours ago
pip install
pycryptodome
what is that
it's been at least 30 minute
i have a script running
that was 2 hours ago
wanna help me with this puzzle room?
PCTF{ITALY_011235813213455891442333776}
?
how did you decompile it
how did you
were you the one to get revioli revioli?
all of them seem complicated
puzzle room
im losing my mind
that's where you come in
it's the only solution
you've doomed us
ERICK LEADING THE TEAM
good job erick
i think every time a team solves, the points possible to earn go down for that challenge
probably will be with nile
erick wanna get on voice channel for a few?
The last one was interesting
Got home with 25 mins left
Only the first one.
Any questions?
Not home right now
If you’re on campus, consider attending the cybersecurity meeting starting soon. Career fair prep in E4224 @4:30
We could make class
thanks again for halal munchies
we also have this entire week to call and discuss
nile can help you with that one i think
is joe the last hash?
you guys understand the problem with the hashes and you know how to use john
you and nile included
most of the team was getting the hang of it
like?
maybe I'll convince Sam and Kate to take a backseat so that we can let you all go crazy
and you and nile will lead the charge
our team is gonna climb the leaderboard
fries = potatoes = vegetables
you can add salad if you havent already ordered
you'll regret this
if im loaded, you should let me zelle
dont let this go erick, i have a strong memory
that food is expensive
incorrect
fries
do you have zelle?
the mixed platter please, with green and chipotle
where are you going?
at the top of the stairs
come here
wait
Who’s hosting this?
Where’s it happening?
you have proven to be quite a formidable cyber warrior
right?
the one after it is the answer
prime number
howd you do it?
so yea
ebcdic is an encoding like ascii
yea that's weird. they do have ebcidc on there
what website?
im not saying the author of the quote is the answer. ibm is the keyword
ibm is the clue
who is the quote by
might be helpful to document as you go through challenges. everything you try and your thought process while doing a challenge for the first time.
cyberrange
want assistance?
you can do it
become top frag
oh yea
I assume no class
I checked. The room is booked for IBM from 4:30 to 7
Why not?
Oh you’re in class right?
Be there soon
Want to just go to east hall now?
Looking for somewhere unoccupied
First floor
Are you still at halal munchies?
Not sure
E4229
This is the CTF competition team
There’ll be a Cybersecurity Team Meeting next Monday, September 9th from 4-5pm. Undetermined location. Will let you know when I find out.
Cru8GJzIP
see ya
have fun in brawlhalla while i sleep
I'll wait until tomorrow
where did you have that on your list?
I'll check tomorrow morning
i haven't checked yet
I'm not sure how long the other three were, but I assume they were more layered as they were worth more points. There are writeups for all the challenges.
I was able to knock out the 2 I completed in 15 minutes.
thanks
I should've looked for online versions first.
I just found the 2nd edition as a pdf
i was looking at buying one, but there isn't a large market of people selling used, cheap versions. The ones I found were all expensive whether new or old.
alright
didn't he strongly encourage obtaining it?
hey erick, have you looked for the cryptography textbook?
yes. don't procrastinate
i dont. but maybe it's anytime before it starts
we were a well oiled machine
same
rather, remember our 2nd place victory as Cyber Chefs
that is a memory best left tucked away and forgotten
I'm gonna go for it since we won't have a meeting this week for Capstone
when you mentioned the upcoming ctf, did you mean the flash ctf by meta that's happening this thursday?
The semester is over Erick. You don't have to plug questions into ChatGPT .
Hey Erick. How have you been this summer?
I greatly underestimated the difficult
I’ve been trying to get the “Printer” one most of this time
Same
Haven’t gotten a single flag
Neither do I, but perhaps by preparing now we could go from being two dolts who know nothing to two dolts who know how to perform team combos after giving up on capstone
Do you want to talk about capstone sometime?
We were hitting some combos
Deluded
That you would question the fried rice that you have been trained to appreciate throughout your upbringing as a chef has made it clear that some people just can’t be helped
Your cynicism is revolting
At least you’re constantly exposed to some quality fried rice
Do you work Thursdays and Fridays as well
There’s an idea
It’s never too late to change
Start coughing?
Call in sick
Just quit tomorrow and ask your family to rehire you Thursday
Work?
Are you available to go out to eat tomorrow evening?
One more
Are you done with finals?
im good when you are
sorry. 5 mins
Thanks
I’m at the library right now. Maybe tonight or tomorrow?
But if they like you they’ll make an exception
They might
From shpe discord
Wanna go to this?
Nile will also be part of our team
Genius
Cyber Kittens
Cyber Conductors
Cyber Chefs
Is that the state you’re in or your name suggestion?
I’ll consider that
Any team name preferences?
We’ll see about that. Make sure to register before tomorrow and I’ll make a team for us
Time to change that
Yea the site is going to be up for a week. So we can do challenges during that time
Wanna team up?
restarting
ready?
Diamond in brawl tonight?
restarting discord
Got it
Alright
Might be that way
No one
Works
Tonight
When should we play lethal company?
Awkward
I’m going to be courteous and ignore the disrespect you dealt me.
How’d you do?
Any big assignments left for you to tackle before break?
Code is done. Now I need to debug.
I appreciate it
Tomorrow
Hey Erick. If you have time later this evening, could you help me understand this tokenizer + parser assignment from 403?
I’m here
Behind you
I’m almost there
Your other left
I’m going to the atrium area soon
Are you still there?
I finished
Registration for HooHacks closes on February 28th, a week from today.
You need to leave yourself as many options as possible at all times
You might have to work on your hand greeting technique
A shallow handshake does exist
One where you don’t make deep palm contact
Or a mixed reality simulation in which you can practice your timing for matching a person’s handshake
Contact lenses that will scan the person’s movements and give you a percentage chance that they will go for either greeting.
This could inspire a Cap stone project idea.
That’s a good point
Ask them from far away so that you can prepare
Ask them first. Withhold your hand until it’s clear what the other person is going for, then continue.
I meant that respectfully
get good scrub
Your willingness to not show the proper respect towards a 300 level course shows your arrogance.
If I can ace 355, then I don’t need to worry about ochem
That tik tok is going to be most relatable to you then
Need help studying?
Yours?
Good. Last one tomorrow. 303
The video won’t play
played it for the first time
i had fun
very fun
ready?
You available to dabble in the mrtk stuff together over discord this weekend?
If only
I’ll send him your discord. I won’t be on so late tonight so it’ll just be you guys if you do play.
Hey Erick my friend Nile is wondering if he can 1v1 you
no problem
beat you up at 10?
Probably can’t brawl tonight. Maybe tomorrow?
No problem
Will, do you want one or both detergents? It’s alright as long as you keep it in a check in bag.
Sounds good
Not far. Take a right when you leave the hotel
Kings bowling 50 dalton
I'm not sure if this can be disabled, but snapchat also has a feature where anyone that lingers in a chat can be seen as that. So if I wait for a message, the recipient will see me waiting.
I don’t post on social media, but I’ve seen friends post carelessly about political values that others found offensive. Usually on things like Snapchat and twitter
مارحبا. كيف حالكم؟
Thanks, Sam. I think you should invite him to both clubs. 

I hope to see you again next week.
Thanks Sam
Did you find a green water bottle in E4224 yesterday when you were setting up for Cybersecurity?
I didn’t
I'm on the same boat. I did spend a little while trying to figure out some challenges. They're fun. I haven't spent enough time to crack any, but they don't seem hard.
how was the htb ctf? did you have time for it?
hw 1 was graded leniently, and there'll be more tests
maybe the professor will be merciful
it's alright, just been going over the 2nd homework so far
Sorry Sam, I only just got to this message
sojGNVMJZ7W5
Malheureusement, je ne peux pas assister demain. Plus tard dans la semaine peut-être.
Désolé, mais c’est pas possible pour moi ce matin. Plus tard dans la semaine peut-être.
might be a minute
Alaykumsalam
Think you'll attend the packet decoding session?
Thanks!
Please tell her my thanks as well. It's awesome that you're both working on this.
I’ll send you the info. Thanks for bringing this up.
Officer information meaning roles, names and emails?
It makes sense. I’ll try it.
Hey Rebecca. What did you tell me last Thursday about resetting bots? My bot list isn’t populating after running the malicious exe on the victim.
Coming
Let me know when you make it
You inside
Are you close?
Alright, great. We’re leaving now.
Hey Rebecca. How’s it going?
It does look a little meager
Last year’s cyberfusion
Sorry to get this out so late.
got 56
no proof. case closed
case closed
send me a picture
I'm not in richmond
Do you have it on record?
It's different in our case, because I actually have a 100% win-rate against you
but that doesnt mean he's *better*
Deny it
At least you can hit the ball
It's alright. We all know Erick is worse
Would be cool to run a game again. We could rematch 2v2.
Just kidding. I'm doing good. Actually started gyming recently after quite a while out of the gym since VCU.
should've leg pressed instead, but now you know for next time
I see. Nice that it wasn't something major.
Good to hear you're recovering quickly. What happened? Gym?
We may have time to tomorrow
I clear squads singlehandedly in that game. You guys would've had no share in the fun.
i have a set
why'd you bring it up?
is the door
Are we pickling today?
Not tonight. I can play after 3:30pm tomorrow.
Dear Erick, find something productive to do. 
See ya,
Youssef
Here
Front
make sure to sub
only the #1 streamer on twitch
If you're ok with sleeping on carpet, you're welcome.
I do hope your late night caffeinated expedition does not delay your arrival tomorrow Katherine Parkyn and Erick Zheng.
You know what I love more than a free pistachio latte with no caffeine night? A good night's sleep.
I cant keep translating, I'm watching Soupierier
rn means right now
thought you already knew that word
Means coffee
I’ll see if my roommate wants to join.
We can setup two nets
I’ll head over
Were you going to sit somewhere?
Where are you guys?
That’s not relevant to processing. Do you have a good CPU?
What if we did it at 2:30?
It’s not over until after the expo.
What’s the Kush status?
Should I tell the guy who’s waiting for you that?
Awaiting elaboration
You crashed?
Jake seems to be waiting for you
I don’t think skin grafts are anything to disqualify you. If you email Mahdi, he’ll help you schedule a day to come in and do the study. I think our openings are in late May and all of June.
Thanks. That’s a good idea. I’ll ask Mahdi if he’s done that.
He’s quick to respond. I encourage you to choose whichever you’re most comfortable with.
If there’s something specific you have a question about, I can ask for you or you can email Mahdi.
If you’re interested, we’re conducting a study in my biomed lab. Participants are compensated $120.
Jake says he’ll be there
No one likes your sunscreen
I'm going to inspect element your life and set your age to 100
how did you fake the screenshot
yea i just checked the zoom
dont see it on pc
We’re sitting there right? Like last time?
How about Sunday morning?
I can't pickle tomorrow
remember to do the exit survey assignment for capstone
Sure
I’m leaving east now
I think I have all of them for crypto
I can send the descriptions soon
I don’t suppose VCU would fund alumni to represent them, but I plan to ask. If you’re still working for VCU then, maybe that could be a pathway.
Wanna go to Kazakhstan?
I see
Is this *the* Rebecca Browder?
ok, thanks
Hey Andre. Assuming 'data' is the raw value from the arduino, this is same code that you used to convert from raw to lbf?
The search bar looks good. I just need to add functionality and make sure it works with test data. I plan to get that done Friday, as that’s when I’ll be done with exams.
There’s still a meeting right?
There’s a map online
Glad to have you. If you find that some modules are too easy, you can move on to later ones that you may not be familiar with.
You should work on the freecodecamp on your own time is what I meant. The meeting will be about brainstorming ideas for the app. If you come up with any ideas, they would be welcome.
On my way
No pressure. More important to get better soon than take the picture sick.
I’ll ask Takumi. He has a flight at 1pm
Good morning. We can take our group picture before the opening ceremony. Are you coming to the alumni hall?
That would be <@660098791571062784>
You can dm <@109482185949446144> for opXOR
I can answer blox64
Please
Which crypto one?
Being checked now
TSA might tackle Mishkat if they see a terminal on his screen
Will you guys still register?
Ok. I’ll let you know once I have the tickets.
Do you have an extra room
Best of luck. Making dua 🙏
How's it going with applications? I've also been applying, but not getting many responses.
The box was destroyed?
What happened?
It's over?
Trying "yet another login" in crypto
It actually looks like Mishkat just wanted to eat
Oh, I get it now. Thanks
I requested to join the enowars team
Sunday and Monday
I'm interested. Do you have a team created?
Maybe we can create a startup to fund our trip
Did you guys confirm already?
I didn’t realize <@356919920149397507> was a proper discord mod
Gatekeeping the full version
Hayya bina!
Also let me know if we're going to dddididiamond  🤪 <:brandon:1423399370593665074> 🥸 <:hangry:1423313671794196531>
Restricted location to 1 line
Let me know how it is now.
I guess we need to condense the space used above it
Check the update
Congratulations
MashaAllah
Booked page should be done now
Ill check it out
Your fault
Looks good, thanks for making that Tyzel. I added to it.
Any crashes <@620825273734266892> <@1405321917371645973> ?
Has it been 10 minutes already ??
I’m going to remove dropshadows from unnecessary use cases like texts.
InshaAllah
Tonight or tomorrow Im going to update, and I want you guys to test for crashes from searching, filtering, and swiping through events
Did you update
Check the notification duplicate bug. That should be fixed now. The ticket scroll is almost fixed, not quite.
After you’ve flung them all down once
Try flinging all of the cards down, then try flinging all them up and see if you can fling them to oblivion either up or down
Never mind. I still have the issue
is it choppy from community profile as well?
it is for me
Can someone check the slide down of the event details from both the events page and the community profile page again? They're both choppy right?
Use this, <@&1409649590386294936> , to report bugs
xkimbupedi
Will do
Nile and I are running some DMs if you want to stack. Feeling hot right now. Going for radiant
I'll add your names
please, review the report to make sure I didn't miss anything, I'll attach it
I'm most likely just going to submit our last report, as nothing really changed in our design.
If anyone is done with tests and classes, it'd be a big help if you could get started on our final report.
Didn’t use it. Lots of compile errors. I’ll send an update in the server.
Let me know when you send it
Could you instead save it as a .cs and share it through a google drive?
yes, im pretty sure
you can send me both
Right. So what I’d like is for you and Aryan to find exactly what that minimum is given our data.
Give me an example of what you mean by thresholds as it relates to our data.
Joined
will Faizan be pie-able on Thursday?
I am before 3pm
Did you do (h1-h2) * (s1-s2)^-1 % n?
I think I have the private key
Anyway, <@606023871958876170> <@1424510690437234811> you guys are heroes. putting VCU on the map
how'd you guys know to check 127.0.0.2?
I just tried it. You don’t need the grep, but if I don’t add the space like you said I get the error
Thats weird
sounds like a good idea
I was thinking this would work. Maybe a different port or directory
I'm trying different reserved IP addresses to see if it'll break
nevermind
got in with:
admin'--
'
i copy pasted these credentals but im getting denied
what does it say when you cat flag.txt?
WAIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Abandon ship
Oh Nile can’t make it?
Sure
Noobs
Noob
time is up
Idk guys. Codekiller is pretty green. I don’t think he’ll fit into the gang.
Perhaps Emergency Response: Liberty County?
You guys wanna play something tomorrow night?
Do you live under rock?
Emergency Response: Liberty County had a major update, we need to get back on it
go to palads
that's inhumane
it;s too late we have to abandon ship
i dont know how
it's getting real
we need a new server
some random guy joined our chat
i did
i wont be in a call with lance
changed my mind
I'm ready
How about Thu/Fri?
I thought you might still be there
Are you in Baltimore
I was referring to gamerism
WHO WILL FEAST WITH ME
I HUNGER
Who me
Prepare yourselves
NOVA eSports
Approved.
Looks like the comp is live now until Sunday 6am. We can meet up later today on discord or even this weekend in person to hang out and work on it.
Try this `https://dctf25-quals.cyber-edu.co/?tenant=cyberedu`

The team name is : FAKE GOLDS
Sifu is free on epic games right now
i can hear you but my mic is the issue
one sec
CPN93KR
on in a minute
THE MANOR
DEVOUR UPDATE SEPTEMBER 2024!!!!
SEPTEMBER 2024 IS APPROACHING
game?
donc?
it was a relevant tangent
one that you are quite comfortable with
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild 11pm-3am?
Any gamers @10?
Maybe in the afternoon
Capture the flag challenges using computer skills
You guys wanna do some CTFs together for fun?
Hopefully we hear from him soon
Nile hasn’t been in Richmond. He had a family emergency and is home right now.
Lookin forward to it
I’m available
if you guys want to play a game sometime, maybe we could play spiderheck. It's $5 on g2a for steam, and it's like stick fight but with fun mobility.
restarting
unite
gamers
Will be on soon
When? And are we still on for the movie?
I think 9 was good
Misclick
Might be scrimming with ninja and sypherpk but I’ll let you know beforehand
Works
We’d all be controlling and viewing one device
Maybe we could use parsec
ha ha yea
movie about fortnite?
any1 gamer?
call?
Not that I would want to
Are we fork biting tonight?
I'm top .01% in Sifu
I'm extremely excited to indulge in fortnite.
Sure
The only Fortnite I’m interested in is Lego
Any visitors of gamerville?
Trying to lose some muscle
I’m too big
Right
So not this?
Do you guys want to do anything in the stead of working out?
Get better soon Stephen
For movie?
any gamers?
can you make it if we plan a night?
Pball again this week? Or leeslyvania volleyball/badminton?
I’m up for it
We have 3. One wooden
Nic said he’d join us at 11 if we stay that long
We could ask Nic if he’s in town
He can’t join us
Asked Colby
Pball 8:30AM Monday? Hellwig or other? Only issue is confirming a fourth.
What dates work for you guys?
Maybe yea
you guys wanna lethal comp or anything tonight?
Good eco
I don’t understand. Is Lego Fortnite just pve? And is there an entire game mode dedicated to role playing in a music concert?
Probably
Lego Fortnite
I’ll admit I was aware of that possibility but preferred to attack you humorously rather than ask for specification
Calisthenics is no joke you ethical dilemma
You couldn’t do a proper pull up if gravity was positive
Calisthenics?
What’s so funny
I typed that and now I’m trying to not laugh in a train
I won’t be. I’m going into cryosleep to preserve my muscle gains.
Will also cut water out of my diet to ensure accurate measurements.
Ordered.
There’s a scale at the gym
Congrats Huy. You worked hard
Nerddd
Last one Thursday
sony whxb910n
I’m ready but don’t let that stop you from ice cream
Sure
We gathering scrap tonight?
send clips plz
lance leave
i invited you
LIKE YOU
IT IS DISABLED
I DISABLED IT
can you hear yourself
Same
im getting it
hop on roblox, mimic part 4 is out
this is trash
What
Ok I’ll get it
Is it free
is there an examples of something you dont understand
do you get it now?
just watching this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDBnS4c7YbA
i think i remember taylor series
im up for it
Will refresh my memory
I rest my case
Would you express this same dedication if Nile and I were attractive women asking you to game?
You mean all night?
Gamerism tonight?
Not particularly
Let us not waste it.
Brethren. It is break and we have the opportunity to reunite.
Nile lifting the rabbits
Lance is good to drive himself
Drive safe
Was kidding. Not there yet
Yea. Thought we decided on it yesterday
You guys close?
I’m here
Want me to pick you up before 11am?
The appointment?
I can if it comes to that
Until what time?
Early run Saturday followed by pickleball and Spikeball right?
Sifu update 🤤
Fake golds
Happy anniversary!!!
Weekends should work
Alright no problem
What about tomorrow morning?
In the afternoon?
Weekend parking on campus is free
Might change to afternoon since Spikeball hasn’t arrived yet
Preferably Saturday morning. Nile has to confirm first.
When?
Probably
But I’m up for it. I think I can also bring Spikeball there if you guys are up to play
It’s not a long trail
The mezeh calisthenics trail?
Are you talking about the trail to the abandoned gardening shed?
What campus is that on
Sure
Nah. Campus isn’t so big. Shouldn’t take more than a day to tour.
I’m sure I will
When do you have in mind? I can’t this weekend.
i need to locate a microphone
Call in 10?
cant
you guys wanna play anything?
alright lance, take care
you guys good for anyday monday-thursday to play with Abby?
It would be us 3 today. Im good for the afternoon and we can find a fourth too
it's gonna be just us 3
what time works for you guys?
im dissapointed
lance is playing it right now
the only form of multiplayer is local co op, so we will take advantage of steam remote play
i can fix that
what do you guys say to entering the gungeon tonight?
what time do you prefer for tomorrow?
I'm good for tomorrow, and it doesn't have to be limited to us 3 for Sunday
we could go this week too
next
next thursday? same time
My butt is going to kick your face you numbskull
plan is to hit you
WILL YOU EVEN BE AWAKE WHEN WE'RE PLAYING????
do you even wake up before 11???????
how morning are we talking?
too soon
i understand your inability to make it and by extension your inherent weakness, but could I have your paddles for Wednesday?
jUNE 21ST?
I meant June 21st
WAIT
OK. How about June 22nd? You available then?
Are you sure you mean Wednesday? Tuesday and Wednesday are often mistaken for one another.
Wednesday @2pm hellwig?
did i say thursday? I meant wednesday
actually, i found out im taking my mom to the airport tomorrow, can we try thursday?
Hey, are you two able to play pball tomorrow with me and my friend Abby? Haven’t decided a time yet.
ok I'll be on after a game
you guys still play games?
Lance will notify us
They’re hiking still
sounds fun. it's up to you, I know you've been looking to hike for a while and I'd have a good time with that too
ok. well if you're not gonna make it just say so.
can you make it?
that's what i meant, we plan to be there at 11pm
nile and I are heading to hellwig right now if you want to play now
Lance my back!
Right on time then Lance
He’s driving. Or he’s busy
Y-yes sir
Uhhh I thought you were bringing it
Believable
Sure
lance please crack my back tomorrow
Tennis courts are overkill for pickleball
For pickleball?
The only place that’s close is Hellwig.
I’d prefer tomorrow morning
It was an IF statement.
If you guys both want to do today then I’d do it.
I’m good for the morning tomorrow. <@408715368249557002> ?
Also sparring at my house. With or without knives.
We could go to the park, run, play pickelball, and then go somewhere to eat. We could also hang out at my house, use the trampoline, learn to throw knives, and then play some video games.
There are lots of things we could do. It all depends on what interests you guys the most and how much time you have.
You guys free on Thursday?
That’s cool.
Is there any other time you’d want to go this week?
Agreed
Show respect
Yes Nile and I are too old
There’s a pf on Galveston ct
Are we to continue writing history tonight?
you guys wanna play anything?
Actually Lance if you feel rested and want to do it, I’d be up for it. But don’t force it.
another day
Plus there’s your inevitable energy deficiency
What time tomorrow?
I’ll do the same, but if it’s too complex it wouldn’t be a bad idea to just play like tennis.
Did you get all the rules?
I thought you meant gas as in it was bad.
How’s it gas
Really?
tomorrow or sunday?
i can get maidens whenever i want
WRETCH
CHAMPLESS
NO CHAMP
EVER
no champ for this guy
nahhhh
because you think nile has champ
you are in the past
This weekend?
It’s like a  tennis and ping pong hybrid, but instead of balls pickles are used.
You guys wanna play pickleball at Hellwig sometime this week? Hasib is up for it.
If you ever want to see your cousin again I suggest you give all that back
I’m there early. You guys almost here?
If we plan to leave at 2pm you can be here right before
Liberia
we'd probably be back at my house no later than 5
we won't be spending too long in any of our destinations
if you guys are at my house by 2 then we'll have plenty of time
I usually ignore traffic laws anyway
we can make it
Just bakery?
Oh I got it
Be home by 7?
Do you guys wanna go to the chicken place before the bakery? They are quite close to one another. Also, it might be worth considering that you guys carpool from my house.
You’re good for any time?
What time do you guys wanna go tomorrow?
GRAND CHAMP
anyone gaming?
wanna see?
it certainly did
it's unfortunately too long to send
IT WROTE FAKE GOLDS FANFICTION
CHAT GPT IS LEGENDARY
let me ask chat gpt
Nile: I'm ready, Batman. Let's show them why they should fear the night.
playscrabble.com?gameSeed=eyJsb2NhbGUiOjEsImR1cmF0aW9uIjo4LCJnZW5lcmF0aW9uRGF0ZSI6IjIwMjMtMDUtMTRUMDQ6MDg6NTMuNDY0WiIsIm9wcG9uZW50VXNlcklkIjoyMTU0MjM1MTJ9
Calling countConnectedComponents should return 3, because there are three connected components in the graph as shown below:
could play rl
Legends of runeterra?
guys im scared
You guys up for devour at 10?
CLUTCH
give me your ssn
I'll kill you
you know quite well what it means
bye download devour
Merci
Don't you have anything better to do? Maybe go code something
If you were a **believable **individual, I wouldn't have a problem believing you
why does the madman do anything?
you think I'll close sifu because of this mischief?
that's what this is
a trick
no way
I care not, for Sifu has been updated and I plan to waste the next year playing it
I guess you’re not as funny as you tried to make me believe
That doesn’t count
It’s so obvious
There is
I know what’s coming
Don’t
Stay out of this short stack
I just realized I don’t want to play apex with you after.
Not only do you lack humor, you lack intelligence.
Speaking of croud, are we apexing????????
You’ve killed the joke and it wasn’t funny to begin with anyway
Lance the problem is that the joke isn’t funny
I will not waste me attention on such a jester
Not hostility
Yes you’ll be greeted with hospitality
I’d like to thank you for your humor
Come to my house right now
The deed is done. I’ve decided that my cooking days are over. I am hanging up my apron and leaving Hell’s Kitchen.
SHUT UP
I’ll flood your house with oil
Shut up the heck
I’m trying to finish it but I don’t see light at the end of this tunnel
I’m eating it
I did
Might need a mechanic with all this oil in me
I’m going to the hospital
I’m sick and dying
How much would you use
Excessive?!
I thought you would know what sauté is considering you’re a world class chef
My plate is swimming with oil
Is it unhealthy to use 1/2 cup of olive oil to sauté mushrooms and potatoes
Except valorant 🤢
How about I call you stupid. I have updated every game known to man and am ready for success in every one.
Grappling is illegal
Are we limited in brain power over all the time? Cause we could start gaming like I’ve been meaning to. A lot of dense gamerism and lack of productivity, very attractive
Sudley rd
Also there’s a Roaming rooster shop in Manassas. Same as the DC one
Dvour tonite?
I like food
The one in DC?
Or pickleball at the park next to my house
Could try volleyball at leesylania
I’m good to go
Update devour or I’ll uninstall your lives
I’ve been released
SHUT UPPPPP
SHUT UP
Guessing you’ve had it before?
I'll give it a try, thanks
gotta be better than what lance sent me:
any recommendations for study background music
Just saying
I’m here
On my way
Works for me
What time tomorrow?
If earlier we should do Sunday
On Saturday I’m good after 12 or 12:30
Saturday/Sunday?
Cool
Spar + group activity? Next weekend?? Maybe even this Sunday but probably not???
Send the details when you have them
we still doing the movie next week?
Nile:
Cool. I’m also good to do anything after if you guys want
Would you allow me to help you in moving stuff
show me the basement
i need data to make an informed decision
im thinking about it
Huy can you refresh my memory of your basement with a photograph of your basement
I'll get back to you
what time tomorrow?
I can’t join you Sunday but maybe Tuesday will work
OH LOL
STILL OKAY??
BECAUSE I FORGOT TO SAY THAT EARLIER
IS THAT OK???
HUH!??
OH YOu knOW WHAT?! HOW ABOUT I JUST INVITE A BUNCH OF OTHER PEOPLE THAT WERENT PART OF THIS?
Respond you coward
Are you serious
Your house it is
I don’t want you slamming me into your tv, handicapping my physically and financially by making me reimburse you
I don’t want you to renovate your house for this
The space in your basement is occupied by couches, a tv, a pool table, and a drum set. Not to mention it’s hardwood floor
We can practice double leg takedowns and then golf cart hijackings
Beat up the golfers as a warm up
It’ll be payment for that really nice mechanical pencil you gave me at the end of last semester
They’ll arrive at the same time as mine
If you’re worried about not finding MMA gloves, I can order you a pair on Amazon with prime
I’ll send you a picture of the basement when I get home
We can probably work something out. My basement is probably a decent size for us to spar. I have a relatively huge backyard but I’m just worried about rocks and such.
Don’t you have an entire golf course as your backyard?
Could your backyard work?
Let’s do that
Do you have a preference
Would you be ordering them?
You have them?
I’m good everyday. Ask Nile
Bare knuckle?
Lance would kill me
I want to do ufc style
I don’t have MMA gloves
You won’t need headgear. Just mouth guard
Your gloves don’t fit?
Go to your house. Spar. Carpool. Chicken.
Or just do it anyway
Also ask your father if you can spar lance and I
Ching chong?
Professor Borgi can ref
Whoever has the least points buys the  other a poke bowl
The cafeteria
You wanna do it on campus?
Probably
When are we sparring
Why not cancel at one of your hard gym sessions
I thought you were going hard at the gym
You’re switching gyms?
World gym rebranded
I’m proud to be paying $2 more a month to be a method gym member
They should be able to change it or tell you who can
If you can’t change that in SIS I would email an advisor
You guys submit your applications?
I assume you guys download overcooked 2
I own this server you plonk
Hello???
I’m here
Guys??
Where are you guys
I’m here
Give me second
ITS RAW
Ye be warned
Lance has 1h and 41 minutes before I do something out of control
Quite the steal
Excuse my mistake, it is actually priced at $7.90.
Quite the steal
In case you are unaware, overcooked 2 is a mere $11.38 on g2a.
A tragic loss for Fake Golds (Rl)
This is a boss that can not be awoken.
IM DOING IT
I AM THE FIRE
The fires of bromance and gamerism
I was looking to reignite the fires that kept this haven warm.
Tell you?
Great great. Tell me more
What’s happening gamers
Hypocrisy at its finest
Remember that?
We all have roblox updated though
We all have rocket league updated though
I would actually but I haven’t updated the game
Yea I wasn’t feeling valorant either
Nile?
Valorant anyone?
Maybe we’ll get Colby to join us
Cool
scp containment friday night?
It is instead time to *game* again
No. Don’t take my title of “most ripped unemployed individual”.
I think you should have at least consulted Nile before making such an impactful decision.
At the expense of your job?
Hey Lance, don’t feel pressured to take on the course if you can’t. I was only joking.
Fill that up
You still have Friday
use an autoclicker
you can sleep while doing zybooks
anyone can do it
you could easily grind out zybooks in 7 weeks
have fun with the accelerated course
How is this good news
How is this good news
im in it and it's the only nova online full session course
ask your counselor to put you in this one: 45166
try to join a nova online csc 223
this cannot be
We’re leaving since your not here
Alternatives?
i just plan to extract you guys around 12
there is not set time planned for mezeh
mezeh doesn't open until 11 anyway
yes nile, it is true that he threw the smoke. anyone, no matter their rank, can tell you that if they watched the cinematic because that is indeed what happened
he had to finish the dinner service for her
omen was gordon ramsay and sage was a hell's kitchen contestant
she was surrounded
desperate times call for desperate measures
he got pissed at sage for screwing herself
what
too bad it didnt fall on you
too late the damage was done
wheres the edit??
aN VAST?!
an?!?!?
and I'll eat your bowl from mezeh
you can walk to leeslyvania
thanks for adding nothing to this conversation
valorant != lore
Only Omen's actions made sense
no one's actions made sense in that episode
it is beyond my feeble comprehension to understand what the point of that entire cinematic was
what time would you guys be ready to go?
Sacrilegious question
Nile’s address?
Leesylvania imposes an entrance fee. Should we carpool? I could pick you guys up since you’re pretty close to one another.
Volleyball means we could go to leesylvania or Burke lake
Sure
Alright
excellent
you mean you're going to ask tomorrow morning?
Awaiting a response from <@408715368249557002>
I can venmo money to anyone who needs it for gas
Maybe Wednesday before it’s scheduled to rain
Could be good weather to engage in some outdoor activity.
qr-code-generator.com
How do you mean? That open the website or the App Store ?
In-person?
EIN number
If you check ummahllc.com now, scroll down to find ToS, Privacy Policy, and Refund Policy
stripe
I’ll look into it
Nice. Looking good
I'll hold you to that
I logged in and I'm still getting this bug where my DNS Settings are unpopulated
VA Registered Agent needs to step up their IT
I used my phone
can you send a screenshot?
Did you add it?
Need you to add a CNAME record with the following:
Host = verify23422.ummahllc.com.
Value = mailgun.org.
Ok good. For some reason mine doesn't show anything.
shukran
I think I found all the services using ybahloul@ummahllc.com. Gotta wait for one of them to respond to my ticket to change
just making sure
did you call me?
I need to check where it's used
dont delete it
Communities - people reaching out to have their community added to the app or any related issues
Partners - anyone who wants to work with us/ hire us for a job/ sponsor us
I'll try to find all the places im using ybahloul@ummahllc.com. Maybe I can switch to my personal and get rid of that one
whenever you get the chance
Could you look into it and let me know?
So did I. I triggered almost every time.
MVP - minimum viable product
Others might. It’s a matter of accessibility. Older people, especially, would get messed up by something being both a tappable and a swipeable.
Fixed how?
I’m going to remove the link function from the map. It make scrolling tickets harder
I'll check tomorrow, but tell me:
- What kind of notification (event update or announcement)
- Do you mean the app home page or the community profile
- Does everything else work?
Fake blood??
Impressive presentation
Shukran, I'm in
Code sent
I just failed the log in 5 more times
I accidentally closed the tab. Could you send the latest one
Good job team
A sign that you need to pay attention to your workout
Left VCU
We just left
Sorry Kate, meant to update you.
Can I share this with someone?
Thanks Erick
I'm ok with it
good luck
no you didnt
You told me yesterday
Skip next Tuesday
This is the last class before the final.
Sorry Kate, but you’re not good with those kinds of jokes.
Yes. I don’t have a valid excuse to skip unlike you both.
The more of us that show up, the more likely he’ll call on us to present,
Go to your DMV appointment
Kate. Tell me you’re skipping
Stop
Good night team. Tomorrow, we wear caps and sit away from one another.
Submit a zip file of the pdf slides + the individual vids?
right Erick?
Well it's 2 against 1
We can still talk about it
What if the correct password was the 1000th one
Kate, please
too brutish
I don't think we should incldue the third video
Let's turn in this assignment
anynthing in -h?
medusa -h localhost -u admin -P [psasword list] -M HTTP
sudo apt install medusa
medusa -h localhost -u admin -P [psasword list]
medusa -h [target IP] -u [username] -P [password list] -M [module] -t [threads]
try using medusa
but that one is of you manually copy pasting the passwords
wait
Ideally, we do not present
is there a form in the angular code
you're sending the server information
shouldnt it be post
post?
what packet
what are you doing erick
just need to paste videos
slides are ready
sure, i already did host discovery. just continue
is this for the burpsuite demo?
Erick, it's a demo. Doesn't matter
what did you do in your video?
you uploaded a video?
what's wrong with the ip
kate can you edit the video please
that's ok, just look for the one with an rtmp or rtsp service open
an attacker wouldnt just know it
there's a section where the command takes a while to return, can you edit out the waiting?
kate, i uploaded a video in the recording folder called attacknmap something
we can be honest in our evaluation report. we can say what we could and could not do
stop having fun
i've seen them
they are the same
I'm going to either remove the slide "Approach" or "Tasks"
go shower stop typing
focus
team we have 2.5 hours left
take a gander
we're working on the recordings
working on it
how's it going Erick
I'm with Erick on that
We're all counting on you Erick
how's it going?
can you see my chat when it updates?
Besides, from the titles of other teams' projects, they seem to be keeping things on their machines.
The Wi-Fi hacking part where I was listening in on multiple networks may have been crossing a line. This avoids that.
We can still demo IoT vulnerabilities this way, and we can do so in a controlled environment.
Vulnerable IP cameras exist, but we just don't have any.
any progress with the camera?
Someone is already doing Deauth attacks and WPA2 handshake capture as their project
I’m thinking we pivot our project to be mainly focused on Wi-Fi hacking with the vulnerability of IoT devices being secondary.
I’ll begin tomorrow.
There’re only 6 officers when you check the officers page
Maybe that tag refers to something else
Ominous
He said he needs to have a discussion with you.
Kate I just messaged Dr. Sonmez your idea.
I don’t hold any position of meaning. You on the other hand control the entire IT infrastructure. You can use that as leverage to convince them to comply.
We should start a petition to see all the comp sci professors play among us and have it recorded with webcams.
Devour
Turbo mushroom?
I just didn’t anticipate he would be presenting so soon
My questions would have brought him to his knees
I should have been there
You could have modified it a bit
I did
Erick/Kush?
Did you ask any more?
Ask him to give his presentation again
Kate, please. We CANT let him get away with an easy presentation
Did he struggle?
It’s not too late, Kate. Think of something
I want your questions to bring him to tears.
Status?
I need this
Erick please
Get Kush to ask a follow up question after he answers your question Erick
Has he mentioned “Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)”?
What is his presentation on?
Ask a difficult question
then you can still spike it erick
next week? wednesday?
before he got triple-tapped
In the gym
I do eat breakfast
Pball after eating sounds like a bad idea
I won’t.
Mushroom
Turbo
I ate.
No, but the night is young
Ultimately, our goals will be decided by the trends in our data.
That’s one of the things we’re trying to measure. We also want to train an emotion recognition model trained on VR data.
No problem
Yea. Do you have time after 425?
I would use Rust
My only experience with Rust is correcting some code for Pico 25 challenges. What do you need to do?
Bill Cosby?
Kate, can I harvest your data tomorrow?
That’s the last one
I am extremely offended
Thanks (x2)
Eid Mubarak. Thanks
Answer a question in my name
This is why you’re the project manager of Cyber Criminals.
Erick
he asked who wants to play brawlhalla
I’m only a messenger
I will inquire
That's what my mom followed
sent
the progress report is in there. Do make improvements if you think of any.
sent you a collaborator invite
Please send your github usernames
Let’s not meet today for our 414 project. We need to first gather vulnerable devices.
We’d have to hack the Wi-Fi. So are you guys ok with meeting in my apartment?
May cancel it due to club night
That’s too late for me. Also, I meant meeting in-person so we could start hacking devices.
How late?
Do you both have time this weekend to meet and begin our 414 project?
Hussein and I are heading home soon
worse than lockdown browser?
Devour tonight?
Excellent
Status? <@759492636083748885>
It was differently good
I like it.
I don’t actually need it until 4pm. So my offer stands
When would you be done with the Turing machine?
Ha ha
I also don’t need my laptop for class, so I can lend it to you before 12 tomorrow.
Sincere. When have I ever been sarcastic 🤨
Can you still take it today? I can drop off my laptop
You were late
Those 15 attendance points from today really helped
Thanks
Sure
I found a replacement Kate
getting on
I’m body blocking you at 11pm
The shotted and qahwah pistachio variants tasted the same to me.
That was where I was put on the path of pistachio latte addiction.
Yes. 11pm
I hope you have $6, because we’re playing devour tonight
I choose sleep
For devour or the forest?
proximity chat next time
U_ssef
Yea I’m getting on soon
Dont
Forest sounds fun
I’ll try to download both
If we play Fortnite, it should be Lego Fortnite
We should probably make sure we have other games ready in case we don’t Devour
I’ll likely be on at 11pm
We can play something else
It's going to be fun
CCT recruits
Best Buy?
Or he mistook Best Buy for a temple
Good point. It could have been the shaolin emperors scouting out. He must have known that Kate and I would meet.
Maybe
What would a Buddhist monk be doing in Best Buy???
Ever hear of fireworks?
You two will probably have to stay in the barracks, but I’ll visit you guys from my stay in the royal kung fu palace
Yea I’m sure he can set us up.
He himself couldn't pass on other opportunities
He couldn't let his daughter pass on such an opportunity
I'm now engaged to the daughter of the shaolin monk emperor
trained
Dont spoil it
We should watch Kung-Fu Panda
your dog plays devour
get with the program Kate
Devour
Wednesday night 🥷
What’s it about?
It seems we all agree on Devour. See you both Wednesday
Horror game
Wednesday night devour
Let’s play devour
Maybe you could remove YouTube from your phone. You’ll probably use it less if you can only access it from a pc.
Thanks. You too
Sorry, but I’d rather not join a call tonight. I didn’t get much studying done this evening.
You both want to do hoohacks?
can you screen share it for me?
erick go to sleep. the adults are talking
what case are you trying to analyze?
you're capturing that interface?
what interface are you capturing on?
What issue are you encountering?
screenshot as in image or the snapshot?
i dont see it
STEG CHALLENGE
Back
I’m banning you both from the CTF
It’s not there
I don’t see it
can you hide a flag
Kate, are you a website admin for the Richmon Audobon Society?
You guys there?
Ok. 1 is good
Tomorrow at 2?
I’m going to encrypt it with rsa
Emperor Damevski is helping me create an OSINT challenge
Leave some problems for me.
It’s a good problem
I did
What kind of question?
How about crypto?
As of now, what kind of challenges could we use more of?
Running experiment on Erick
We’ll be there soon
Did you have to modify your VM network?
Coming
Going to volleyball
Erick we’re here
How about the volleyball court
Is there a basketball court open that we can move the pickleball net to
Do yoga in there. Reserve it
Racquetball court?
Backup plan
I have my roommate and Nile
On my way
Pickleball?
Now that I’m an admin, I can wait until the last minute to upload challenges, right?
Thanks
Then we can use those for web challenges and vms
CTFd provides container servers we can use
it's not necessary to have web
that's ok
What do we have less of?
Also we have this now in cyberrange
Not sure. I'm afraid most of our challenges will be easily solved.
I made the document
Not adding to the wishlist is a red flag
donkey
hmar
kalb
heemar
hmar
Not enthusiastic enough
I'll make a channel for Hack the Madness with the team and send it there
Erick's turn
kate +1
which generator?
Ah, good thing. That’ll take the place of the cough drops.
Either of you able to compete for HTB?
Otherwise, I see no problems on the pages. I was able to create a team, and everything that should be inaccessible is so.
The sign up page form looked narrow.
Poll
Maybe we should give him priority if there are more than 6 people interested
I’ll send a poll to find out who’s interested and available
Never mind
Maybe we can have multiple teams
Just tell Professor Damevski that you know me.
Friends, don't stress
Would it be ok to have VCU_CTF and RAM_CTF as flag wrappers, or should we push for just one?
I only missed one
I’ll see if I can get us into the lab on Sunday, but we should hit chest regardless.
It should also take less than an hour
Maybe we could after 414 tomorrow
You both doing the study
Can I borrow each of you for an hour sometime next week? I need participants for my senior design study. You’d basically just be wearing a VR headset to watch some videos and react to them.
I think there are regional dialects.
We can ask
I have a sleeping bag
I’ll have you know that 85% of the French I wrote was genuine
erick
Regardless, the added bulk to my forearms will make milking the pistachio cows much easier.
I'll be able to milk the pistachios by flexing my biceps.
That's Erick
Pull-ups + rings
We're going to throw in some calisthenics
How do I do that?
That's brilliant.
Back and biceps tomorrow 8:30am
I can give them a user to sign in as.
Access controls
Brother, I will be modifying the base iso with permissions and the rockyou exe, so I'm going to be providing them with a download on the challenge page.
weren't you just questioning how it would be bothersome to have to download a 3GB iso?
the core version, which is cli only, is a mere 17mb
the link i sent you is to a page with downloadble linkux isos under 300mb
they can download it
I'm going to somehow prevent them from being able to install any tools.
Not yet, I think.
How? I would need to have a server running.
This conversation is over.
No, but I'm concerned that competitors will find it bothersome.
Yea, I was thinking of creating an Ubuntu server vm, which is terminal only and lighter than ubuntu desktop, but it's still a 3GB download.
I really just need a way to make it impossible for the rockyou exe to be analyzed via ghidra
In cyberfusion, the challenge was accessible via public facing vm, but I don't know azure.
On how to recreate the rockyou vm challenge
I was going to seek your advice
Did you get it?
There's also more to comment/delete in that method.
i commented it
We must build the skill of troubleshooting
From Cyberfusion
Don told us not to.
There is a condition within the while loop that breaks if the next input is less than 4096 chars in length
Check the client_sender()
I gave up on the last few exchanges.
d'accord. Au revoir pour maintenant
vrai
هل تعتقد أن كيت سوف تترجم كل الأشياء التي أرسلناها؟

Ce serait vraiment drôle si elle le faisait.
Arab_CTF{فيلم النحلة}
نعم!
ماذا؟
Mais d'accord
Non, je ne pense pas.
Je te croire. (Pas vraiment)
Oui! Je viens de m'entraîner avec mon ami Erick qui utilise ChatGPT pour littéralement tout faire. Soit je serai un génie français en un rien de temps, soit je serai fou.
Non, malheureusment. Mais, je veux pratique davantage.
Je ne savais pas que ton francais etait tres bon, Erick
Comment ca va? La <@759492636083748885> ?
Oui, c'est facile, mais c'est un peux fastidieux.
Non. Un peux de temps.
J'ai enfin fini le devoir.
before* not without
you?
Cyber Criminals
negative kd
Kate is 0-2
Your turn
I got mine
it's a role
Are we doing tomorrow at 5pm?
i just read this
it was beeping
I'm good for those times.
stay. we have work to do
Addiction, here i come.
Should we do it over qahwah?
i want to try the pistachio cake
you can get a free samosa/cake-pop if you review them on google and show them
I’ll start once I’ve finished my homework
Pistachio latte nearly derailed my life and put me on the dark, dangerous path of coffee addiction.
Dr. Sonmez?
what kind of life changing conversation was taking place past midnight
Consequences.
sounds good
I'm probably going to work on creating challenges this evening. Want to call?
It’s inside the Cyberfusion 2024 drive
Are you joining them Kate? We’ll come over there
I should’ve done that
I think I’m too old
I thought he was speaking French at first
I didn’t even know this was kpop
I feel old
You can shout but I will not pollute my mouth with that title
Yes I can say no
Is that French
You have to say it though Erick. I’m just pressing buttons.
Is that Korean?
What languages?
Such as
It’s not gonna work. I’m going to laugh
Any second now
Ok got it
I’m glad you’re having fun with this
He’s already playing music. How do I ask without causing offense?
Give me 5-10 minutes to mentally prepare myself
Who am I asking for?
Not again
This is different
Do you need help?
Go Kate
Kate aren’t you going to ask Dr Sonmez your question
In all fairness, you should have defended yourself. You practically voted yourself out.
I did what I had to
Sometimes the right thing to do doesn’t feel good
Kate’s going to have to barricade her office every morning
Nadia will send it out.
This exchange is giving me flashbacks to our among us feud
You’ll be getting plenty of tickets then
The entire CS department has to know
Good luck Kate
Guess this got his attention
Ominous
He responded. Said he’ll talk to you about it tomorrow.
I’ll send him a screenshot of your questions and theories.
Theorizing won’t answer our questions. There’s only one way to know for sure.
If they’re chill, the snowballs will be less likely to melt in their hands. Thus, they’ll be more effective.
Professor Damevski
Professor Arodz
And no one would expect it.
Professor Sonmez
Thanks, Kate
I'm doing this
Are the attachments accessible?
Calisthenics time
It’s just a pump cover
Superior genetics
Do you even have a cat, Erick?
Shouldn’t you both be in class?
Thanks for the save, Erick.
Not going
Did you lose yours?
Make sure to talk to CCI about your CTF participation. Maybe you can make conversation about C2C
I just did
Kate said she was interested but she hasn’t voted
Not yet. I also expressed interest
Thanks for working on the application
Sure Kate
I said there would be a turnover, but if they’re not seniors maybe they can run with it.
There's a poll in the server for people to express interest in holding an officer position for the rest of this semester.
im done with crypto
maybe i can help with some of them
c2c?
how's it going guys
Maybe she was there, but no crowd formed.
No way
I've run out of witty remarks
the talk is about social media in general
you two should leave class and go to the park
i don't have a good reason to
I'm on do not disturb so i cant hear you
exiting conversation
yea sisters are weird
intentionally and purposefully are synonyms
huh?
destroy his bathroom
Erick’s right. Maybe you should go to the park at 4:20 pm Kate.
Yes I remember him.
Someone in the park is going to talk about why instagram is poison at 4:20pm. I think you two would benefit given our past conversations in this chat.
Erick and I answering questions out loud in class
time's up, he collected the quizzes
Uh. It’s on the screen??
TurboMushroom82
It'd make sense to make an announcement on discord or in person, but taking the past as evidence, we won't get many responses on discord and we'll be talking to a small crowd in person.
I'd feel better about asking the team, but we're not getting a large turnout generally and it makes me think people aren't too concerned with CCT.
syllabus
I also like the idea of doing IoT
Ok. We’ll forfeit if you take too long
he just threw a chair out the window
we'll see
we just took the final
he's kidding
It could be used to create a virtual network (blue team)
it's a linux os that allows you to setup multiple vms without resource constraints
speaking of hypervisors, have you both heard of proxmox?
Where are you guys?
tomorrow
It’s accurate.
Thanks
what happened in 414 yesterday? was anything assigned other than the quiz?
That’s me
Object oriented programming with a typo
Thanks team. I know what I need to work on.
What does UNC mean, and does it have to do with “Sonmez”?
I'll make a group soon
I'll leave the decision to wittier people.
After registering, you can go to your dashboard. There I found an option to create or join a team.
Me too. Have you created a team?
Feb 4
Also, I was wrong about the deadline for signing up our team.
There is attendance. A quiz every class. Locks after 5 minutes he opens it. TurboMushroom82 is the answer
We could buy a Palo Alto firewall.
Do you know the specs/capability of this server that’s being decommissioned?
Where did you host RamCTF last year?
Going down this path would leave a usable system for future students, regardless of whether Dr. Sonmez can keep funding a subscription.
Maybe we could spend the money on hardware instead of a subscription.
Preferably, we’d create our own environment. We’d have full control.
Maybe. We’ll have to see on Friday, and I think that’ll be next Friday.
So it’s not the simulated environment we want?
We all get up at 3pm and walk out at the same time
Please continue, Kate
I’ll get the right shin, you get the left
Kate, kick Erick in the shin
ERICK OPEN DISCORD
Do you guys want to do the hackathon next Thursday? It’s from 3-8pm.
Not sure yet. Maybe they'll give us an environment we can use for a little while.
I requested a demo of this: https://www.rangeforce.com/platform
you too
I need to get off discord, because my brain is shutting down.
The bottom line is: we need some way to learn everything we just suffered. It would be money well spent
Good point, but maybe we can assign our own red team.
We have the money from the grant for another week, I believe.
We want to find a subscription or service that can simulate an environment like the one we used for this competition. For practice.
resume addition
i think second to last
Where are you now?
I’m going there now
Do you guys think we have to stay on our game for 12 whole hours on Saturday?
Make sure to voice your concerns to Dr. Sonmez before he signs us up. You’re both right, we need to know more before we commit our time.
I’m good for it.
Neither am I
Do either of you want me to pick up a Wi-Fi card for you? I’m going to meet Dr. Sonmez.
We don’t have a room reserved in the library for tomorrow’s meeting. I mistakenly reserved one for Sunday thinking it was Monday. If we don’t get E4224, we could sit in the atrium of East or in ERB.
same
Works for me
I do
Are you both good to call tonight?
ready?
Sounds good. As for MACCDC, we haven’t received the team packet—which I assume contains a manual—yet. Dr. Sonmez says we should soon.
Might be on around 8.
I missed your messages. Will you both be on late tonight?
also trying "SideChannel"
we're doing the "Permissions" challenge
Approximately 9pm
what in the world
Morocco getting it's cyberwork done by China
i meant thanks
outsourced
I have an incomplete writeup of sansalpha on the wiki after my local disappeared. Could you complete it when you get the chance?
for yourself i mean
Erick did you already do your own write-up on weirdSnake or SansAlpha?
Dr. Sonmez cancelled the recurring meetings today
that'll be our startup name
This look good to you both?
I can send our final list to Dr. Sonmez. I’ll let him know that we think it’d be better to reach out to each individual directly rather than make an announcement.
Youssef and Erick agreement:

Competitors:
-Erick
-Nile
-Kate
-Rebecca
-Hussein
-Robert

Spectators:
-Kevon
-Jacob

Next in line:
-Ahmed?
Competitors:
-Erick
-Nile
-Kate
-Rebecca
-Hussein
-Robert

Spectators
-Kevon
-Ahmed/Jacob
one minute
I have to push back to after 5
paste those strings into your browser to get the websites
Actually, I have to run so I’ll send you a web one
Do you want to pick a category out of an imaginary baggie so I can send you a problem accordingly?
It may be that only those registered in the CTF that happened this weekend are able to register for the After Party.
Are you signed in with your VCU email?
You’d better not redo the ones you got last time
yea and you were the only one to get any flags. I'm going to work on this one
There's a continuation of the HTB CTF that ended yesterday. It lasts until tomorrow 9pm.
Hey Erick. Were any of those forms you sent out for people to self-report their scores fruitful?
I think he is. We can confirm with Dr. Sonmez on Friday.
I’m going to select 8 people. I think you should both do the same. We can compare our selections Wednesday.
I don’t think cyberfusion needs an interest form, since the participants will have to be selected.
Alright. That’s fine, but if you’d prefer another day, do suggest.
To discuss who’ll participate in Cyberfusion, can you both meet sometime Wednesday? Maybe noon?
Mondays Wednesdays and Fridays are my most free. After 2pm I’m out of class.
I downloaded 2 or 3
I'll let you know. It's alright. We have until the 10th to have this for Dr. Sonmez.
i think it's valid
you're gonna have to submit it anyway
you're off the team
no hard feelings erick
same thing. I guess it just adds it after the upload
i can't work with the garbage you submitted erick. fix it our you're off the team
you try it Kate. let's see if you can get it the first time
booo
why is there an extra "- Erick Zheng" at the end
I'll do it for you: Zheng_Erick_VCU.pdf
Erick, please
we're putting dr sonmez on the big screen when we play
Dr. Sonmez will be reading these response.
Erick answered the food allergies with chemical sunscreen
do you understand your mistake?
I can announce that as well
that's in the description. They should send a message in discord
I'll make and send a form for MACCDC to gather resumes and info.
I completely forgot about making such a notification
I think Arodz is also teaching machine learning next semester
Not yet, but I will have to take two of them.
No problem
Do you both have time tomorrow or Sunday morning to talk?
Happy late birthday James. Hope you’re enjoying Ohio State University.
Thanks for checking for me
No worries. I actually just contacted the professor and she opened it up for me.
No problem. I appreciate it
Salamualaykum Ismail. Do you remember the unit 6&7 homework? Do you happen to have the instructions for the assignment downloaded?
We can hop on a call inshaAllah later today. I think the lab is due by midnight
Yea looks like only the odd cases are passing. Which means your code is always skipping your even summing subroutine and runs the odd summing one instead for all cases.
Are you getting an issue with just one parity type? Just odd sum or just even sum cases?
Totally. Is it working out?
Tonight?
Salamualykum Ismail. Eid Mubarak! May Allah accept from you and your family and bless you with a beautiful, joyous Eid.
Salamualaykum. you up to hop on a call?
If I finish by tonight I’ll let you know and we can look over your code in a call
I’m not finished. I’m also not comfortable giving my work out for others to just submit as theirs.
Alaykumsalam. I have not
I’m happy to help. Do you want to call?
Salam Ismail. Do you mean the assembly language lab for 311?
Thanks, team
he wont look at me
he's presenting now
you're lucky im in the front row <@109482185949446144>
Likely canceling today’s meeting
We have fans?!
What’s this for?
bahlouly@vcu.edu
There’s another club night going on next Monday. We can take both sessions again from 5:30 to 7:30. Please like this message if you can make it.
Probably won’t have the real estate for a demo
Just to advertise. Did you see the email?
We need to confirm our attendance by today. Anyone available for the event?
I think he mentioned 6.
make sure to sign up for the picoctf 25 competition. check the server bulletin for the invite code to the team
the invite?
VCU CCT:1tpi2A:alQ6MprSh8b4Scaf_y-WWKnlLVA
it might not be too late
good idea. that'd be great
oh i see what you mean
for LACTF?
I saw the flyer on an east hall tv. It looks great <@759492636083748885> <@1011287872525045871>
Submitted
Oh, I have edit access. I got it
Section 3 should be 2
I don't think that should have as much weight as other measures of activeness like showing up to meetings, competing, and participating in learning activities and on resources in and out of meetings.
Thanks for doing that Erick.
I'm running for President
So our next step is for everyone to declare what position they'd like to run for.
There are three core roles we have to fill:
President
Vice President
Treasures (i mispoke when i said secretary)
CCT Leadership Interest
Actually, if I give you the labelled data, can you try training the model with that code? I've organized all the data into labelled folders, but I haven't separated into test or train.
Could you also send me the code you used to train that model in the library?
do you have "20250328-1100"
Can you add subject 20250404-1502's data to the drive, please?
Did you run studies today?
Maybe it’s too large. Try putting in the drive
I still haven’t received it. Can you check again?
to bahlouly@vcu.edu?
could you send me the model in whatever form it is?
Where did you pull the repo? Go there, then to the Emotion Gathering tool folder,
It’ll be in the project directory
In a folder called VideoRecordings
can you send a screenshot of the error logs
Once you have NuGet (might have to restart the editor), open the NuGet menu on the menu bar, select "Manage NuGet packages", then search for and install "CsvHelper"
Scroll down to "How do I install NuGetForUnity?" then drop-down the "Install as GIT dependency via Package Manager" and follow those steps
I hope you’ve got a pair of indoor soccer shoes
Stay careful.
Hey Philip. How’s it looking with the model? Need any help?
Can you try to fine tune/transfer teach a mobilenetV2 model with fer2013?
Philip. I have a job for you.
Philip. Do you know anything about overfitting when training a model?
Hey Philip. What’s your status for the project this week?
No, I’ll do that
Right
Your friend wasn’t interested?
I also have another friend who's interested
I’m trying to assemble a team
We’re coming out of retirement
Keep this in mind.
No problem. Safe travels
Hey Philip. I'm working on updating the task list. For this week, can you try to train a model with the dataset you created?
Philip, I pushed my mediapipe code. I got all of it from the documentation provided by google as well as the .task model provided by google.
ready? we can join the server vc
Hey Philip. Are you good for a call later on? Maybe around 6? I want to talk to you about mediapipe.
Hey Zanika and Natalia. Do either of you have a charging dock for the meta quest pro? Rahat says he only received one.
Tomorrow or whenever you go to the lab next
Are any of you inside?
We could still use research on our unique avatar problem if you could work on that
I’ll let them know
Of course. We hope you get better soon.
Good point. Were you thinking masks?
basement
Are you in nova today?
No idea
At the tables past the green couches and before the books
I’m going to check out the first floor
I’m here
That's one of the things we'll have to figure out. We can look into Codec avatars.
Library?
Ok. 6:45am to midnight?
Also, do you both have time tomorrow afternoon? We could do a “sprint”
But I’ll write it out after 50minutes
I have ideas.
Not yet
That’s fine
I don’t know about that. But he brought up the point that every image should have a unique avatar, to avoid training bias. Natalia suggested codec avatars as a solution which we should look into.
I could do Sunday on discord
are you both able to meet monday after 5?
I might have it. I’ll get back to you later today or tomorrow about it.
I have the charger for controllers though
Mine
No it’s fine. I’ve got a usb c cable. Just wanna make sure we keep account of everything
You sure? You could hold onto it in case you need it.
Could you bring the quest link cable that came with the pros?
I’m bringing the quest 2 with me today. I can hand it off to you
Thanks
I think it'd be good to bring it up. Kostadin/Alberto can request access for us.
We can get the person’s landmark and avatar representation from their image.
I think it’s perfect for our use case
Image
Have either of you seen this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=NiK5wHce03Y
VR -> Image & landmark
Your experiment is starting from VR to get the other two right?
im not sure how late I'll be, do you need it tonight?
I'm won't be back at my apartment until later this afternoon. Do you want the meta quest pro specifically? I also have the quest 2
I created a shared unity project to our shared github repo. It has the sample scene and packages.

https://github.com/vcu-swim-lab/multimodal-emotion-recognition
I see. My problem in the library was that the headset couldn’t find my pc at all. Regardless of whether I used air link or the cable.
It wouldn’t even find your pc or was it just the gpu compatibility issue?
I think the problem we were having with air link this Wednesday had to do with the wifi. It works normally on my home network.
I’m almost there
Basement?
No box
Can you fit it in your bag?
We should have at least one
I don’t have one
Let me know when you all get to the library
After 5 would be good
Are you free tomorrow afternoon? We could meet up and try to put the vr and the PyTorch model together.
nothing about the MX series on the document i sent. air link didn't work either right?
you can check by going to task manager > performance > scroll until you find gpu
what kind of gpu do you have?
Natalia has the other one
what happens if you try to connect to your phone?
Can you send a screenshot of the message you're getting?
yea. I have to convert to onnx first, right? I think I found an example:
https://pytorch.org/tutorials/advanced/super_resolution_with_onnxruntime.html
We can maybe try it out during the meeting
No problem
I can do any time
If we’re all able to, we could meet a little bit before the meeting today and try out one of our headsets with the onnx model Natalia made
I want to try it with audio based face tracking
I’m training a PyTorch model with Fer-2013 right now
Awesome
Don't forget about the zoom meeting with Miles. It's happening now. The link is in the discord server.
After getting audio facial recognition to work, I want to figure out how to implement Pytorch and onnx as they did in the paper.
ok. do you have the meta link app downloaded?
Did you also connect the headset to your computer? With air link or a cable?
I can get into play mode. Do you see any errors at the bottom of the screen when you press play?
do you still want help with Java?
Thank you. You too
Can’t. I’ve got some things to take care of before the test
Not second?
First?
Sure
Sure. Let me know when you’re in the library
I’m heading down to the second floor
Library
I’m on the third floor which is ultra quiet. Meet on the second?
here?
Yea. I’ll be there in a few
tonight
diamond while brainstorming potential ummah llc projects (so we can at least put them on the website)?
Gonna pray
anyone else?
Mohammed is a yes
scarlet sig spam -you tonight
anyone else
Tyzel is a yes
Any post-ishaa brawlhallans tonight?
A picture of the usb antenna would be great
Thanks. Can you also send a picture of the ground station?
You guys wanna play sometime?
Watching a movie
No worries Justin
Let me know when
I’d watch you guys play ETG
Let’s do it
On my way
Outer banks
Look behind you
Gone until 19th
Looks fun
You mean that isn’t him
Yea <@249286865822154754> I’m good to duo
i am
downloaded
I'm getting it then
im up for it
yea but you’re injured
deep rock galactic and the outlast trials caught my eye in the steam sale
could try scp again
summer sale on steam?
SIFU!!!!!
don't be deceived
it isn't multiplayer
SIFU!!!
cool, make sure to buy and download sifu then
you guys up for roblox or sifu tonight?
VALORANT?
let me guess.
that game stinks
that game stinks
Hey, that’s mine!
Nile might take that role
we ghost hunting tonight?
Actually, some other night would be better
Ok. If you guys want to play tonight let me know
You guys have it?
I have phasmaphobia
Yea. Nothing on the syllabus about an exam of any kind
No, just those two.
Not yet
pretty much all look like some variation of this
yea. I'll likely keep it in case he wants to see the same format
But I'm not sure if the professor wants it kept
If you remove it, it'll automatically find the best y-range, so probably it'll center it
I see. I think they changed this line:
plt.ylim([0.5, 1])
of the x-axis?
Rewrote the code to use a manual approach like you described. It helped:
I think you should be good, your lines are within the ylimit at the very least
Oh i see.
maybe the part where we have to load the data into images and labels?
it doesn't even fit in the ylim of 0.5 to 1
no mine is way off
for 1 layer and 32 size
mine looks different
You mean for the visual decathlon dataset or the sample?
Non leg-day enjoyer
I’ll take you to court for that statement
Are we going to meet at 10?
Think so
I’m up for it
true
and yea i'd wanna
they were a famkly of three and they were very good. tennis pros as well
sorry for leaving
hellwig it is
ferlazzo courts at 2pm tomorrow then?
Does sometime in the afternoon work for everyone? Maybe 2 or 3?
hi Al
would sunday be better?
actually might even be able to make 12
it works
wont be free until 12:30
payday 2 is free on epic
I can talk while playing Sifu
heads up, there's some gauze in your mouth justin
Did you have to go to a neighbor’s house to take that picture?
sure, you know anyone?
Try 3 tonight?
we luv fortnite
going to sleep at 2 ha ha
Can’t unsee the lipstick
I’m good for a 3 man if you guys are up for it in a few minutes.
justinguy
So it’d be the second one
RAM_CTF{Rul3s_R34d_4nd_4cknOwl3dg3d}
RAM_CTF{Rul3s_R34d_4nd_4ckn0wl3dg3d}
Check the word “acknowledged” and change from O to 0
Hey. I see the problem with the flag you submitted
We can likely just mark it as completed from our side, so don’t worry.
I’m unsure. It’s working for everyone else. I know that when you copy it straight from discord there’ll be a space copied at the end of the string.
When you copied and pasted, did you make sure to trim any whitespace?
Working that one out now
No worries
Yes, that’s right. Did you wrap it in RAM_CTF{}?
num of Hospitals/medical centers 10km near LoRa (water source) 
num of people depending on water source that live 10km near LoRa (water source)
Water level
Yousselfie
Technically you’re logging in and opening your qr code
Presumably, no.
TurboMushroom82
Air strike intern
He used to call the air strikes
I’m sure the food WILL be bomb when you modify it
I Asked in the discord
We should refer to each other as Sonmezian Samurai. I call being Sonmezian Samurai #2.
I like that one
Sonmezian Samurai
Team name ideas?
Hi Professor Damevski. Can you please add David to our shared repo? His username is: deHank
I’ll let you know if we do
Hey Nic. Do you want to join Lance, Nile, and I for pball on Monday @8:30am @hellwig? I understand you may be getting festive that day.
Thank you.
Hello. What is the maximum team size? Are only VCU students allowed to participate?
what do you think?
or even better: Country-Commune-Building:
RAM_CTF{France-Versailles-Cathedral}
france-versailles-saint-louis-cathedral?
france-versailles-saint-louis?
Hey Jacob. Is the answer to country-city-place "france-versailles-cathedral"?
No problem, I'll talk to Dr. Sonmez.
No problem, Jacob. If you change your mind, you’re always welcome.
Search for “Justin Spears” if you can’t find it under “cyberfusion”
Hey Jacob. If you want to compete Jan. 18th, make sure to have the form in the bulletin done by tonight.
Analyzing resumes from examples of successful candidates at others companies, and expanding the language that PARiS would look out for are ideas for improvement.
i never used top, but now I have every reason
guess who just ran 'sudo apt install btop'
Hey Trae. Sorry, didn’t mean to ghost you. I got jumped by the reality of senior year. If you’re free this weekend or Thursday again, we should call
for the old test i think. The new one doesn't have a cut off determined yet.
Have you gotten sec+?
All good. Lookin forward to it
That’s good news, especially that you got that job. Are you going to use an old laptop as the server? I’m trying to do so now with an old MacBook Air
Any idea what you’ll do now that you’ve served your time?
Congratulations on graduating Trae!
But I can do whenever
I’m available now
I’m gonna be on in an hour if you’re up for it today
Sick. Wanna hop on a call tomorrow and show me?
sudo apt install realtek-rtl88xxau-dkms
iwconfig
im ready
I’m done
If you’re still up
Hey sorry I got to this late. Yea that sounds good, I just gotta finish a 257 lab. I’ll let you know when I finish
curl ip address
sudo nmap -sS sekrtiskwerl.com -p 80
The perrin pages will help you find your calling, but don't be duped. ... Robot has to do is remove any Perrin or Erdos-Woods numbers. Luckily ..
I'll do my best Esra Gumruk impersonation.
Want me to write you a letter of recommendation?
MashaAllah, nice. Is that for Australia?
my estimation is 8/14
Let me check on that
Salamualaykum. How's it going?
I must have missed this
Sorry
so how's it going with apps?
Yes. Bring it to the masjid at 7:50
It won't be like the book club either, there'll be separation
You know it's not like that. This is an educational discussion
Brother
Going to the Heart2Heart tonight, right?
Salamualaykum.
cant hear me?
getting my controller
Ever wanna take an rl break?
you?
working
What're you up to
Salamualaykum.
How's it going spookynile
It'd be cool to do some kind of medical related application/software
Though I resumed work on Ummah Connect
Also distracting myself
Ask your younger sister to play valorant
Try to chill until then
Maybe not the score you want, but the score you need
InshaAllah it'll be a good score
Wha'ts tomorrow?
Also, what do you think of doing a Richmond trip in a couple weeks to see Erick? I was thinking of picking you and him up and going to Cheesecake factory, then Qahwah.
I'm serious about it. It'd be cool if you went too.
Come on, Nile. What's with the pretend? I'll see you there.
See you there, buddy
Suuuure
The same way that I also know you will be attending the event
I know you saw the latest announcement in the MAV youth whatsapp
Alaykumsalam
Nile
I'll facetime you at 6am tomorrow for our next sprint
We should try to have the waitlist out while we're developing, but we mustn't halt development for the sake of the waitlist page. Maybe a name will come to us while we're working.
Besides, it's not like we can build strong domain authority realistically in a few months.
People won't be looking up the waitlist page, they'll likely be linked to it by us or others.
Most definitely
With an available domain
So we need a brand name
The waitlist would either be a subpage or a subdomain:
sprout.com/waitlist
or
waitlist.sprout.com
We need to be sure about the name.
so you're taking it to a mechanic
Fix the car?
Salamualaykum.
Can I have it, then?
Want me to fix it?
Is that why you called me last night?
Salamualaykum. Sprint today?
Also, going to have to hire our sisters for this project
I'm ready when you are
by Burhān al-Dīn al-Zarnújī (Author), Shams Tameez (Translator)
The Art of Learning: Timeless Wisdom for the Seeker of Knowledge
I'll see you soon, inshaAllah
im going to go in like 5 minutes. gonna be there at 8
i do, but you should go to the masjid with me right now for maghrib first
you sliding into the applications
Australia?
i think this whole name thing might be taking too much of our focus away from other areas of development
this is tough
sounds like a tea company
Nahla is bee in Arabic
Nahla Leaf?
Any other contenders?
or they might really like the cute stuff
I think it's too cute and might drive away the older crowd
bloomybee?
metroid prime federation force
Resident evil mercenaries 3d
Team Kirby Clash
canopybee.com
bloomybee
bloomybee.com
beeleafable
First to $1m in revenue wins?
Want to compete in creating profitable spreadsheet/pdf templates tonight?
Salamualaykum.
exactly
is it taken
wait beeleaf is cool
we can change it, im not sold on that one
we need simple, to the point headlines and sublines
yea i ditched the ai generated one
beefleaf
godaddy and namecheap
Was able to find 
- honeyleaf.io
- honeybud.io
both for $35/year
I liked "Honeyleaf" and "honeyleaf.io" is available but at a pretty steep investment.
Also, "pipplant" is not so nice with the double "p"
We'd probably want a ".com" or ".io" as they read cleanly.
Yes, "sprout.com" is $1m and "sprout.io" is also taken.
That was lazy, let me summarize.
Here's a breakdown of what we need to get right with our name:
Ok. Waitlist looks pretty good. Let's get a domain. That means deciding a name for the app and a matching domain name.
Just when I said let'get serious, I got the opposite of serious,
Help me build a convolutional neural network.
Let's finish and deploy this app today.
Your dad's right, we need to get serious.
Salamualaykum. Still good for tomorrow morning?
Bosnia flights go down to the 700s in August
How early are you good with?
What do you think of Friday morning? Take advantage of the added barakah.
Im essentially done with school after tomorrow
Do you have time to do sprints for the app?
We should still try to go somewhere this summer.
Salamualaykum.
i assume not, besides the vr fight
he's carrying the show
definetly going to stop after Suiryu stops showing up, though
it's kinda cool
starting from the Suiryu debut
I watched 4 episodes
S rank #2 if I'm not mistaken
Because you played the most broken character
Proves absolutely nothing. Especially since that is the blade master.
Suiryu smokes Genos
You have tied your camel as best as you can, and now you hand off the outcome to Allah.
For a reference letter?
Frustrating
I, too, am frightened by what I was.
oops
need i go on?
get that gym membership akhi
Also, I'm serious about reviewing your paper if you want. If it's purely an English review, I can help.
Salamualaykum. ~~Anything to report?~~ How's it going with studying? I realize the pressure must be on, so just know I don't wish to pressure you; I know your hands are tied at the moment.
and it's successful. So this tells me that the Sprout version of the same backend function isn't even being fired
Ok cool, I see the response for ummah connect
lalasehra@yahoo.com
did you check your email again?
spookynilemc wasnt going to work. I went back to your apple email
Ok perfect, let that have full access
Check again
For apple? I can send it your other one
Is it forcing you into using spookynilemc@gmail.com?
Invite sent to spookynilemc@gmail.com
sending you the prototype link
maximum looks improvement
easy to achieve
umrah hairstyle is meta
near bald
short
her reaction
i told her your guy was from korea
told her i drop by your house on the way to school to get my share
do you think there's a hidden pp joke that could ruin us?
do you have 4 bands
There is
I'm open to other ideas
I can review your writing
Grinding for the retake?
Good to hear!
How's it going buddy?
Salamualaykum
See the timestamps on this video
While I work on making a prototype, could you look into designing and creating a waitlist page?
I've populated our database with a start of 53 plants for testing.
Alaykumsalam. Excellent, now we just need to make the app.
Yes, I'm glad he made it this time. I enjoy his khutab
Salamualaykum. How've you been doing? With sickness and all?
No problem. Glad you're feeling better
To be exact.
Opus 4.7
These are, of course, results of a discussion with Claude.
I added two pages to the top of our notion page: "Monetizing" and "Feature Gap and Attracting Users". You simply must read these, my Pakistani pal.
Salamualaykum.
This is why the Lotus woke me up
the death of your reputation
it's the stalker one isnt it
is it the stalker one
says video isnt available anymore
not working
Could you resend the second one? I can’t see it
That’s cool you still have these. Looks like you’re older than I am in war frame
You got us potential users through Facebook? Nice!
Maybe her friends are impressed by her gardening and can’t quite get into it.
Yes but perhaps your mother would know of some people that would use it
Your father is a businessman
your friends, sisters, parental units
i think there's an r/startups or something like that
How about reddit? Or your own network.
Salamualaykum. Do you have ideas on getting our first users?
Resent
Actually, I need to reinvite
Just invited you to our Appwrite project, where our database and backend functions will live.
I'll just start working on some pdf templates
Actually, $200 a year.
Haven't hit that yet.
Yea. Apparently the coding usage limits aren't fantastic either.
I don't think I've sent more than 5 messages.
I've already hit the Claude Design usage limit. It doesn't reset until Monday.
I'm currently working on the database design (in the notion). If you have time today, could you help me find out what information should be stored for different plant types?
Salamualaykum. Sent you an invite to our new github repo.
are you available to call in 5?
It's decisions like these that reassure me that keeping you as a business partner was not a disastrous decision.
That's smart. Fine tuning the design.
Any word
No problem
No problem
Let me know if you're unable to login
I duplicated the project. Play around with the (remix) version or make one from scratch
it's at claude.ai/design
with the design
Play around with claude
ybahloul77@gmail.com
As far as I know, there isn't any way to trace a design back to AI, unless it's using some kind of signing method, but the only tool I'm aware of that does that is Google's Gemini.
It seems so. Adds a sense of achievement and gamefies the process.
There can be a setting to switch between
Claude design
no, there's probably some way for me to share it
Salamualaykum. Let me know if you can access this:
https://claude.ai/design/p/8c20ee1a-0b7a-4789-ad30-920afc92dfe1?file=Sprout.html&via=share
I've invited you to yet another notion page; this one dedicated to the pattern app idea. Please dump the extracted information in said document.
I was looking into how to make landing pages, and I came across it. Basically, it's drag and drop, and you can choose from templates.
I've recently become aware of this, though: https://www.framer.com/
I don't have experience making websites without code, but I think all of those are reputable options.
I am prepared
Alaykumsalam
What I'm about to unleash upon you if you do not report in
collections -> albums -> shared
check photos app collections
iphone
Also add your pictures to the shared album
Don't forget this. Good night
This might be too personal of a question, but since your dad owns LLCs, when he files taxes, he identifies under that federal tax class, right?
in notion
So please do that with your mom
You're right. It'd be better to brainstorm the app's features and an idea of the ui before passing said information to AI. Like we're doing with our gardening app.
We are slaves to progress
No longer
Gotta make use of $200
We should prompt claude about it with some initial details
That's an interesting idea.
log out and back in?
It's above those for me.
Do you see project alloy?
You expressed interest in medical imaging?
They could come back soon, inshaAllah.
Last I checked, there were both bio and chemistry opportunities. That was earlier this week.
Yes. Those questions are just to gain access to Handshake AI, which is where various annotation tasks are listed.
Did you apply?
This can save time with design and code.
It's time to start using the contemporary tools of the trade.
I'm going to get claude pro
There might be many ways to achieve what Im thinking of without copying Greg exactly
The idea is to make it inviting and lighthearted, so it attracts users to open the app and check on their garden. Something that makes it fun
I liked that Greg app we saw
I want to say gameified, but that isn’t really accurate
I have ideas, but I’m not sure how to articulate them
That was without any real prompting of what our ideal UI would look like. I just provided the features
Pretty neat, huh?
This is rork generated after I copy-pasted the brainstorming from notion.
Install "expo go" on your phone, then scan this qr code with your camera
I have no idea
No, it's by credit usage. You get 35 creds/month.
Try Rork first. I've used it before. I think they give you one free "app".
I think the reason this account is so cheap is because it's "shared", not private.
I see. I've only used G2A before
they seem identical
I just realized that this isn't G2A, but G2G
What do you think?
Looks like it requires the pro claude plan
It'd be nice to try it. It could save time in the design process.
I see. Looks cool.
There's also https://rork.com/
It’s a program we can use to design our user interface.
Have you ever used figma?
If we make the app such that your mother would use it, then we have succeeded
Thats where we swoop in
Bongo
Bingo
play fait even tho i say shes hard
plz play scythe
nice
change your banner
right now
they talkinig about chess
let me finish this chess game
got an idea in class
i still have something i want to share
i kind of planned a meeting with my ummah connect friends tonigh
wait
sorry
let me know when you're back
sorry one sec
My good sir, I am indeed interested in your proposed proposal. I must say that I am not currently preoccupied by a level of business intense enough to excuse me from entertaining your offer.
Alaykumsalam
The latter, but she usually comes across as super obnoxious and annoying
brawl?
InshaAllah you will
So you’ve just been practicing PS lately?
Is it mostly CARS?
How fares the final week before the exam?
All the tickets are pricey now
It's that season
keeping track of Kyrgyzstan plane ticket prices?
I’ll send some tomorrow, inshaAllah
I hav many clips from that era
Ok. One sec
Want to call?
Alaykumsalam
Sister recommendation
What do you think you’re doing
Did you get any shawarma/battlegrounds clips last night?
Wanna get champ?
Salamualaykum
oops, i meant ten minutes in lance time
Alaykumsalam
nice job
that's clean
just about to pray
Ok. Due to the fee, the guys are going to drive to my house and carpool with me to leesylvania
Cast a vote. The other guys have voted
Leesylvania has the option of fishing an hellwig has the option of pickleball.
We’re trying to decide between
Either leesylvania or hellwig
Will do
Still looking for a place
Mohammed, Brandon, and some other guys are playing soccer tomorrow morning. You're welcome to join us, no pressure/commitment.
Wa iyyak.
That's good for me I think.
I think I can fit that in my ultra-busy schedule, inshaAllah. Just let me know when and where.
How about you and yours?
Good. Alhamdulillah. Everyone's good and content.
Alaykumsalam Nile
I’m arbitrating, fam
Next on my list. HA HA
Not yet chap
Just need them galvanized mods m8
Cheers
Innit?
Proper latron build happening
Got me 4 forma in under 20minutes
Eso is crazy for leveling bruv
I added an extra 'a' for fun
It means "not gonna lie, I'm liking this hex contant alot more than I thought i would"
You don't know that one? I've been working on my acronyms; to get with the times.
ngl, ilthcamtaitiw
Salamualaykum How was the debate?
Ah I see.
you wanna run it?
Red crits galore with the weapons they gave me premodded
So Im playing as stalker Im Jade Shadows, and Im starting to realize how I haven’t even scratched the surface of damage output from my arsenal.
Hunhow when I drop from my orbiter
I would expect that my fellow Tenno would be capable of holding down the fort. Alas, how foolish of me to think that anyone but me has the skill and fortitude to hold back the tide of our enemies.
I leave for a few months and the entire origin system is in disarray.
Jade shadows, whispers in the wall, the lotus eaters, and the hex.
I actually have 4 main quests to do
I assume Jade Shadows is a main quest, so no.
I’ve unlocked steel path. We cleared the chart in the past. The Jordas Golem node on Eris is showing up blue though.
Interesting. I think I need to complete the star chart. Not seeing the arbitrations.
I’ve never done them either. I recalled you talking about them as a source of some rare mod that became expensive when they were removed.
Did you know arbitrations are back?
Actually, the total price is now $16.85. I was looking at an inappropriate usb receptacle.
The total price is $23.01, though the shipping fee accounts for $10.58.
I was able to find the first four parts in AliExpress.

In options from 1 - 10 units: USB_C_Receptacle_HCTL_HC-TYPE-C-16P-01A
Salamualaykum Niles.
Sure
Absolutely not. That is unacceptable. I’m insulted that you would even suggest such a counter proposal.
Salamualaykum.  I’m free all day tomorrow also. How about 7:30am?
To save money?
Wa iyyak
Here's my resume.
I believe I have a solution to share. Shall we meet tonight or tomorrow?
Salamualaykum wa rahmatullahi wa barakatu
Youssef task: USB + flashing situation
I’ll be back Thursday night, but we should FaceTime while I’m here.
Sorry, Nile. In transparency, I’m in Boston for the C2C event. I thought I would have a room to myself where I could freely talk, but we’ve been paired up with random roommates.
Ok. Let me resume with you over text
I can assist through text; however, a voice call would have to wait until tomorrow evening.
Wa iyyakum
Alaykumsalam. Yes, I will do that.
Good night
Wa iyyakum
I'll look into it
I'm working on the custom lora symbol. I'll sleep and resume tomorrow morning, inshaAllah.
Do you want to call and figure out git?
Also, if you'd like, you can push what you have and I can help out.
I remember reading something about it being more complicated with just the chip. I'll look into it.
I think a display directly on the PCB could be helpful. We won't have the luxury of being able to seamlessly upload code to the esp32 as we do with the devkit.
i take it back\
different transmission rates
Oh. I don't actually know.
Different vendors, different inventories.
Nothing on JLCPCB either.
I'm also good with Reyax. Why this one and not the 998?
That's everything on the board so far.
MPU - I2C
GPS - UART
MS5611 - I2C
LoRa - UART
Or we could use multiple on one bus.
So we'll put the MS5611 back on SPI? I think we assigned the two UARTS already, right?
Not sure about the first one, since the datasheet won't open.
The reyax uses UART
This one uses SPI
Looks like with the Reyax we need an antenna. The schematic didn't specify what kind.
It looks like the last two you sent are the same.
Yes, I can
Salamualaykum. What's going on?
do you hear me
MOSI, MISO, SS, SCK
Serial.println(MOSI)
Spi.begin(12, 13, 14);
Alaykumsalam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatu
And here is HSPI:
let's review git today, if you're available
good night
wa iyyakum
Let's pick up tomorrow
you saved?!
we should go to sleep and continue tomorrow
A sign
I'm going to call back. I've got dinner.
Salamualaykum. Erick and I are on if you want to play brawl/devour
you should play doors with her
gaming?
are you...
fHKyaW[0bn8yXn[vNW10bohqbkF1en[gbWc
Salamualaykum. Game for devour? Alice is up for it.
Alhamdulillah, I’m good
Now you’re speaking my language
Ahhhh
Quoi? Désolé, je ne comprends pas.
Comment ça va?
Salamualaykum
Merci et bonne nuit mon ami pakistanais
Hosyond 3Pack ESP32 ESP-WROOM-32 Development Board WiFi + Bluetooth CP2102 Dual Core 2.4Ghz Microcontroller Compatible with Arduino

https://a.co/d/cMKOWup
I need two of these?
SalamuAlaykum. Good night.
Got it. Thanks
Ok. I have the ESP32 and the two sensors. Can you send me the names or links of the gps and lora modules?
No I wouldn’t?
The sensors are their own project, and I wouldn’t need anything more to make them work, right?
I was thinking I’d just get the parts myself and beat you to it.
How would that work? If I have the ground lora, I can’t confirm it receives data since I don’t have anything to communicate with it (the other lora).
Is the google doc updated with the gps and Lora components you’re using?
You need multiple?
Long range radio.
What is a LoRa module?
Have you made much progress with the gps?
Pyro logic control would be tied to the barometer then?
What is pyros?
What news on the barometer and pressure sensor? Are they trivial enough to implement that you’ve saved them for later?
BN-220 Ublox M8 gps?
Can I do that with my current inventory?
HW-123
GY-63
SalamuAlaykum wa rahmatullahi wa baraktu Nile. What are these upper two components, and is there a way to tell by inspecting them?
no problem
Salamualaykum. If you're good to do a couple tonight as well, let me know.
Cru8GJzIP
picoCTF{KODFAK_ALASKB}
picoCTF{KODFAK_
Kyoto, Japan
Odesa, Odesa Oblast, Ukraine
Dayton, Ohio
Fatih, İstanbul, Türkiye
Abu Dhabi - United Arab Emirates
Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
_
Mr-Worldwide
picoCTF
abcdefg
la cifra de
ready?
Salamualakyum. Are you still good for 9 for pico, inshaAllah?
Perhaps it’s too soon to tell.
Not so far.
I had hoped cleaning the pc would bring a performance boost.
It’s taking a while to boot up
rivals?
im using my laptop. gotta close the side panel further tomorrow
I can finally see the fans
Hammer?
These cables are too thick
This side panel won’t go on
I’m losing my mind
I wish I could cut some of these extra wires
Is this sufficient cable management/free space for my fans?
Salamualaykum
Yes. The introduction should be spotless
good for me. jazakAllah khair
what time would you leave tomorrow?
are you sure?
Alaykumsalam
Do you have to get it done before graduation? Will they fund it without your doing VIP?
Salamualaykum. Why?
That’s good
I’m at Snead now or we can do it online
Also, if you’re free before then we can work on pico.
Get there for ishaa?
are we still good for icva
alaykumsalam, yes
Let me know when you want to get on that
i can help you with pico and the wireless adapter
alaykumsalam
alaykumsalam
perfect
I don’t know that I have a device sensitive enough to weigh my rocket
is it over?
Haven’t started the match?
No stream?
oh it's today?
InshaAllah you got this. I’m watching
nile, i can't be associated with you anymore. i hope you understand. this just wouldnt look good for me
im ashamed
DONT TELL ME YOU LOST
NILE
nile, please do better so i can brag about you
Yo, where's the akahoshi camera?
do they know you as nile?
they're going over their players' lore
they're trash talking you
no stream?
I won't be there at the beginning.
I don't know. The meeting will likely cover resume review and PatriotCTF challenges.
Jon vc
ctf!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
Salamualaykum.
Interesting
Hmmm. I faintly recall leaving you last Sunday with the idea that you should do that.
Kali isn’t working?
How was it
inshaAllah this will be your chatgpt challenge equivalent
Salamualaykum Nile. Jazakallah khair for coming. We can talk more about challenges if you have questions. Didn’t mean to neglect you or anyone.
after you submitted your email, username, and password, did it take you immediately to another page asking you to join a team?
thanks
nice
click teams and you can see me as well
password to join the team is: sojGNVMJZ7W5
and register with this team name: VCU
make sure to use your vcu email
Nile, can you try registering for the patriotctf right now?
Wa jazakallah khairan
repo is up to date
can you go to the repo and delete the master branch
Good. I’ll talk to you then inshaAllah
Yes. Will you be on around Maghreb time?
I would like to if you’ll have me
Wednesday and Thursday afternoon are good. Friday would be as well inshaAllah
Alaykumsalam
might be simpler that way
or i can do it with you
Are you in Richmond already? For work? 

I’m good. Yes we will hit mezeh inshaAllah
Salamualaykum Nile. How are you doing?
Drink probably costs more than a bowl
Of buy a drink
Alaykumsalam Nile. InshaAllah I will be back August 4th
you can lift 125 pounds
MashAllah, Congratulations on your acceptance
Alaykumsalam
JazakAllah khair Nile
Can the PCB scale later?
Any chance you’ll run?
America is lost
Poor guy
I just found out
Salamualaykum
Responsible
Where have you gotten?
Indeed, I have noticed your failure to do so.
ChatGPT confirms that the double hyphen is meant to be a minus sign
Watching?
Spain v England
Jazakallah khair, you should watch as well. It’s the final of the Europe cup of nations
Send me your email for access
One*
Using on hyphen fixed it?
But did the code work?
git remote add origin
git remote add origin remote repository URL
What
Let's do this
I've lost radio contact
you there?
Salamualaykum
Have you been working out?
Have you increased your appetite?
An excellent custom
Wow nice
Fajr at the masjid?
Better how?
Salamualaykum. How are you doing?
Thank you
Alaykumsalam warahmatullahi wabarakatu
May Allah make things easy for you. Take care
If you feel well enough that is
Salamualaykum Nile. I’m going back Saturday inshaAllah. Tomorrow I will head to the Ram’s lounge to play some ping pong and other games with some brothers. Would be great to see you too
if you want to meet up and hang out or even just call, let me know
When will you go back home inshaAllah?
Alhamdulillah
Salamualaykum Nile. How are you doing?
I thought we were going to eat tomorrow evening
Do you want to invite Erick tomorrow?
now get back to work
Excellent
Salamualaykum. Have you discussed housing with your parents?
right
I'm in the library right now if you'd like to join me. We could study and pray together. Maybe get food later on
May Allah make it easy for you.
How about your finals?
just finishing some assignments before i can study for them
Alaykumsalam warahmatullahi wabarakatu. Alhamdulillah it's good. How are you?
Good point Nile. We should play Altitorture and forego responsibilities.
Salamualaykum. How's it going?
i gotta be there at 5:30
Alhamdulillah, I'm good.
Salamualaykum Nile. How are you doing?
In fact there is little we are permitted to eat
No problem.
You gyming tomorrow?
China Taste
how many emails do we have to send??
Would you like some soup?
Jazakallah khair
Salamualaykum Nile. Can you resend the email if you have a chance? We haven’t gotten a response yet.
blockzmaster4444@gmail.com
Are you available to call for a minute?
I haven’t received a response from moderators on my latest attempt
The password for duncan wasn’t being cracked because it wasn’t in rockyou.txt, but it was in sqlmap.txt
I just used another wordlist
We’re first place right now
Hash was destroyed, just working on phishing
No worries. I’m happy to hear that. Please extend my Salam to her and my thanks. May Allah give her the best.
Monroe park
Salamualaykum Nile. Would you like to join me in volunteering for ICNARelief next Sunday at 3pm? We distribute food to those who need it and it’s an opportunity to give and learn to give Dawah.
Jazakallah khayran. Let me know if something comes up, there's no pressure.
on thursday april 25th
Salamualaykum Nile. Do you think you would be able to drop me off at Lakeside Elementary school (15 mins from apartment) at around 5pm and then pick me up at around 7:30pm?
The id of the algorithm used for duncan is the same as paul, making me think sha512
I'm not sure that it is a requirement to be specified
sorry, did you mean just us
yes. In a few minutes
inshaAllah
Erick will also be part of our team
I will
Have you registered?
Thanks. I’ll do that
Getting big
Tomorrow
Prepare to replace your entire wardrobe
Salamualaykum
Still want to talk?
Salamualaykum. I’m out now but I’ll be back before maghrib inshallah.
salamualaykum
alright, see you
sure
what do you need me to do?
when
today?
salamualaykum
Salamualaykum. Wanna play lethal company sometime with Erick and I? Maybe lance?
good alhamdulillah
alaykumsalam
Can it wait until Friday?
Salamualaykum. Everything alright?
restarting
a moment
sure
Salamualaykum. Altitorture? Forkbite🤮?
wanna play altitorture?
See ya
What time tomorrow?
Salamualaykum. If on Monday you’d like to go to the park an hour or half and hour earlier to get a workout and run in, just let me know.
Salamualaykum. Are you gbminging today
devour?
salamualaykum
thanks
could you send me that video you mentioned
let me know when
I’m gonna try my earbuds mic
is the meeting today?
Finished downloading?
MK11 ultimate
ybahloul77@gmail.com
youssefone05
enerinn
Do you want his discord in case you want to play tonight?
Gym today?
Playing erick first
Then I’ll revive you 😎
Salamualaykum. Do you want to play warframe?
beard looks good, dont stop
Ah yes. I am actually quite familiar with such things, as I stream Arkham origins to my loyal fan base every Saturday at 8am central.
KrackedCake is still active?
Hang out in call then maybe game?
Thanks Nile
Where?
So can it be paid now?
Have you any idea of when we can pay our tuition for the semester?
Salamualaykum Nile.
But if is Monday now
Tomorrow would mean Tuesday
Might need to talk after playing the game
Later today?
Sorry about gungeon by the way. I had an appointment
That was the scariest game I’ve played in my life
Nile
Later
I’ll tell you about it
Sounds good
Or do anything else?
Salamualaykum. Would you like to enter the gungeon?
About $200
I truly don’t know. If it comes up I’ll let you know.
It’s me. Professor GERALT OF RIVIA.
Don’t be late for class.
Kill a past?
No problem
Just the security deposit?
Alaykumsalam
ETG?
havent used it but i heard it's the best
and javascript and ruby
The Odin Project for html and css
python 3 is the latest python but the differences between 2 and 3 are not major
super good
I've used this course
I’ll be on when I’m done
I’m in the kitchen right now. Some of us have things to do.
ETG today?
I must admit that this news disappoints me to a degree that cannot be expressed.
ENTER THE GUNGEON!!!!
ETG?
cool
towers on franklin?
Salamualaykum. how's the search going?
Excellent. This has been quite a welcome interaction.
Something on your mind?
Alaykumsalam. Thank you, I’m doing good. How about yourself?
Getting on after isha
Alright. Gonna review a vod with my parents first, then I’ll get on.
Salamualaykum. Do you want to get wasted on warframe or something? Maybe Roblox? After Magrib?
I think he caught on to my attempt
Uplifting
Disappointing
I would very much like to see the aforementioned drawing.
Perhaps he is simply confused. How did you word the question?
I expected
This is not at all what
Excellent news.
Very well Nile. I appreciate your dedication.
Thanks.
Actually, there's no need for you to ask him. I'll try to be creative. This conversation has only gone on so long because I wish to practice my unnecessarily proper English.
I long ago ascertained that Huy has a fondness for the colors black and red; however, I require more information.
As a matter of fact, I have indeed attempted to extract the information I desire from Huy himself. His response was something along the lines of: "🤪 "
Just fine. And yourself?
Salamualaykum Nile.
ready?
Salamualaykum my dear friend. Do you wish to hang out over discord in approximately 10 minutes?
sorry, justin and i are slaying at the moment. cant afford dead weight
gungeon?
you gotta send another
your final transcript including spring
first
Salamualaykum. Wanna hang out?
alaykumsalam
no pressure
alaykumsalam. i understand, no worries. good luck with your work
gungeon?
enter
ready to do the tutorial?
ok. By the way only one of us needs the game so dont get it
excellent
yes?
Salamualaykum. Wanna play enter the gungeon
awesome
sure, in a few
good night
oh. i just wanted to send gifs
ready?
might message you instead
later
might fashion frame combat you
no don't worry about it. i appreciate it though
I was wondering if you knew whether a student could transfer from one university to another after a year.
Salamualaykum Nile. Ive got a question.
Do you happen to have Enter the Gungeon in your epic games library?
Salamualakyum
And walking
I’m ok with RUNNING
Salamualaykum. Do you want to run tomorrow @7:30 blooms park then get PB after?
Maybe not the hike
Think so
Ok. I’ll be trying to grind till 8:30 which is when I eat
I’ll be on
Shameless
It’s been 30
No bother
Will you still be in 30
One is on 20th st
A couple are on Franklin st
I’ll get back to you in a few
Space ninja?
lunaro?
salamualaykum
I’ll get on and find out
Gotta farm more liches
Been working on my bramma by the way. Thinking about upping the percentage and switching to toxin.
Later
Alaykumsalam
one sec
warframe?
Alaykumsalam
After prayer
Take allllll the time you need champ 😉😉😉
Oh 😉😉 I catch your drift player 😏 rawr
Chill in call while I code?
I’m at peace with how we played valorant. It was fun. I actually thought you and Lance bore the most tension throughout the games.
When you got back from afking
Salamualaykum. Sorry about last night. I lashed out too harshly.
I’m gonna call it quits
Pc died
Yes. But first smoothie crafting
Wowzers
Salamualaykum. You get your hekk?
gunna eat, have fun picking a game
Call?
I will never disrespect myself again
Plat time plat
Should we?
you read my mind
alaykumsalam
Salamualaykum Nile. Would you like to join Lance and I in visiting Paris Baguette (Korean bakery) this Wednesday?
Get to immortal in rocket league?
Also thanks to your mom.
thank you again for your gift and going through such trouble
when you get the chance, dunk the bracelet in boiling water for 10 seconds. that'll let the paracord shrink
Discord is failing me
One sec
Warframeeeee???
I hope your pc crashes while you’re trying to deposit
Exactly as I presumed
I believe
It’s alright, they’ll correct overpayment
Yea but without the ?!?
If f(x) were to represent the function of total money deposited, where x is the $100 I should have deposited, the function would look like: f(x) = 50x
Unfortunately, I didn’t read that far, leading me to deposit excess mula.
How’d you find that
So how should we know how much money to deposit for tuition right now? We don’t even know what our course schedule will be.
Per semester? $1k per credit?
Is tuition consistent across all semesters and for all undergraduates?
Perhaps you can give me clarity. Paying tuition is essentially only paying for courses you'll be taking in a semester right?
have you made your tuition deposit?
I see
You plan to room with your sisters in Richmond right?
understood
scrabble????
be back after consuming organic matter
No problem. I’m good to pretend to study now if you want in.
wanna do a study sesh tomorrow? we could even do it on campus
ok, that's kinda late so might not be on
Salamualakyum, do you want to partake in a study session right now?
Peer pressure:
Pressuring you to demonstrate your understanding through class participation.
I think you should move the answer for self to self identity
ready
Inshallah
Sorry, do you still need that interview?
Salamualykum. You good to hang out next weekend?
No problem. We can start whenever you want
Salamualykum. Let me know when you know.
Get some sleep. You’ll need it. Salamualykum.
Might require a third edit
As long as it takes
Insane, life-ending study call tomorrow?
No problem
I would ask lance about Asian culture pockets. I’m sure he’s told me about some but I’ve forgotten.
Yea let’s do it
Smoothies after tho???
A pizza would also hit the spot
Plus yours when you inevitably don’t finish it
I need two
Mezeh is indeed a mixing BOWL of different INGREDIENTS. And by ingredients I mean uniquely DELICIOUS people of different COLORS.
I’m not sure if you would be electrocuted by the abundance of culture but it’s like china town down there.
Lotte market and Paris Baguette which are right next to each other
Centreville has a dense Asian population. With bakeries and grocery stores.
One idea is to go to a church. Perhaps attend a Sunday prayer. That would contrast with your experience at the mosque.
Culture shock? Isn’t that subjective?
I’ll help however I can
Waalaykumsalam
If you leave now and disobey traffic laws we could meet up around the same time
We beat each other up and now we’re going to WOOBOI
I'll let you know
kind of late
how about call at 2am?
I've gotta go fight lance to the death in a few
no problem
Unless you have a chem group or you're on another 24hr call with your lady friend
Being at the highest end of the intelligence spectrum must get lonely. We could do an accountability study call later.
for an exam? or homework perhaps?
Having trouble with chem?
No worries.
No prob. If you’d rather another day then we could probably make it work
You wanna hang out after sparring on Tuesday with lance?
Excellent
As an upcoming artist, I thought you might have something to say of the matter.
and then there's the opposite extreme in which anything can be drawn as long as it's with harmless intention
some also say that animate subjects can be drawn as long as the face isn't drawn (of humans)
a common view is that animate subjects shouldn't be drawn because it would be challenging Allah as the one creator in trying to manifest his creation.
no problem. i was just wondering what you think is ok to create in terms of art
there are differing opinions on the permissibility of art in the islamic community. I'd like your opinion
Salamualaykum
Salamualaykum
I bid you bon nuit
Understood
I think I’ll be there after 8:30
Will you be joining us tomorrow evening in the NOVA esports realm?
Glad I’m not taking it
Is there a gap in knowledge between ochem 1 and 2
That’s excellent. Especially since you’re taking thousands of classes this semester
Minimum levels of procrastination have been achieved
I’ve been doing homework and maybe procrastinating sometimes
Good to hear things are better
Well then it’s as Prophet Muhammad (SAWS) said: “relief with affliction, and ease with hardship.”
I’m good as well. How’s your mom doing?
Salamualaykum. How are you?
How’s she feeling?
Well that’s good to hear
Salamualaykum. How are you all doing?
Please let me know if there’s anything I can do or if you need someone to talk to.
May Allah grant your mother a quick and full recovery and may you and your family find relief.
Of course I'll make dua, do you need any help with anything?
age on arrival?
Go get ‘‘em tiger
You are indeed a lady killer
I was wrong about you
une minute
gameR?
salamualaykum
valorant/warframe?
Let me know if/when you plan on doing EMT training. I’m considering it
Sultan Ahmed Mosque (Blue Mosque) / Sedefkar Mehmed Agha, Turkey
I'll keep you posted.
I don't think we are this week, but possibly next.
You're a super genius.
Kokkera, I really appreciate your help. Your suggestion worked.
i think this one removes all of the commits (which is what i want), while adding HEAD^ removes just the most recent.
git reset --soft HEAD^ did the trick
im gonna try removing the unpushed commits
git log --branches --not --remotes
got it
tried git log origin but i dont see the commits i made yesterday
No. I'm not sure how to view commits I haven't pushed.
i untracked everything with git rm -r --cached .
but if I unstaged, shouldn't everything be good
I think what I'll do is create a new repo and see if i get the same issues
tried
unfortunately no
I respect your decision to work on sound
It's in the root of the entire project: "vr-emotion-recognition"
I haven't tried moving it to the Emotion Gathering Tool folder
At the bottom of the second screenshot, the size limit errors concern mp4 files and files within the Library directory which are both in the gitignore.
For some reason, github is finding issue with files that should be ignored.
I should've taken a screenshot. I'll try to replicate the problem
actually, I'm using git bash to add and commit
Mainly the Library subfolder and all mp4 files
Hey Kokkera. Have you ever faced issues with gitignore when applied to unity subdirectories and files? It’s as if the gitignore is being ignored.
Hi Kokkera. Are you, Gokul, and Theus going to be working on an SER poster?
Yes. Out of all the meta headsets, the pro is the only one with face/eye tracking support. Even the newer meta quest 3 and 3s models don't support that.
Yea. Why do you ask?
Thanks for filling me in. I wasn’t aware of the Metaverse class.
Salamualaykum, Dr. Sonmez. Yes they did. We’ll also send you the wishlist.
Dr Sonmez what is your username, we would like to know for non malicious purposes
ENRIWG
But it has already passed
There is none on Monroe park this Friday. There is on mcv.
You too
I'm not certain. Kate's team might've ended on the podium.
Sure thing
Bulonziyee Ssebawanzi    Ahmed Abdelrahman     Rayan khan
each with 3 players
Nothing urgent. I just wanted to make sure I wouldn't be missing a meeting.
Salamualaykum Dr Sonmez. Will we be meeting tomorrow at 10am?
We'll announce the flashctf as well. Thanks for bringing it up. 
We're planning to do the patriot ctf this weekend.
I’ll get there early and do that.
Yes. Thank you.
Thank you. I apologize for such a late request.
I think that would be fine.
Yes please.
Salamualaykum Dr. Sonmez. Do we still have a room for tomorrow?
How about Tuesday/Thursday morning between 8-10?

Here's the official blog containing links to writeups for each challenge: https://metactf.com/blog/tag/flash-aug2024/
I was able to solve 2/5 problems. Looking at the writeups today.
Salamualaykum Professor. I've signed up for the upcoming flash ctf.
Don’t do it Daniel. He’s trying to succeed where you failed
Imagine “Endorsements”
You won’t regret it
LinkedIn will get her more excited than discord. It’s associated with opportunity for a better life. Be that opportunity
She won’t read his email, she’ll think he’s a handshake spammer
After a few days say you want to take the chat somewhere more appropriate
Start a chat on LinkedIn
It’s where connections are formed
Try LinkedIn?
I'll add names and send
deleted
who was assigned 8
I can, but we need to figure out slide 8 (Product and Model requirements). It is currently empty
email
Slides 8 and 14 are empty. Are those to be deleted?
It was originally 18, but some slides were merged so it became 17
Understood
How about tomorrow 3:30
At 4. I’ve got a class after 355
I can’t make Sunday in person. I can virtually. There are 7 pages and 7 of us, maybe we can go through with Daniel’s suggestion; with each of us making a slide.
Rest knowing that we excelled in your name
Ok. We can also bring that up during the presentation
link doesnt work?
Any changes?
No, I’ll do that after the exam
Yea Erick's full of it. We did take the final however.
will do
Only the score ui. Kept it in a fixed position rather than moving with the camera
I'll submit tonight to give you guys time to look over it one last time.
Have you tried selecting MRTXInputSimulator and changing its camera setting’s movement speed in the inspector?
Maybe move it to where you want it to be in the scene view
Maybe the file size is too large
Is that after attempting to import?
Mission accomplished
I’ve cloned, added, committed, remoted, and pushed 100 times. The terminal has blown up in my face every time. I even tried GitHub desktop and I’m not seeing mrtk in the repo when I push.
I’ll get on that asap
I think we did a pretty good job
My favorite group member
UC03 is ready
UC03 will be done today
Felipe praised our work.
No but I made sure to omit your name from the deliverable's metadata.
You're not ready. The time will come when everyone will see.
Don’t be silly
No. One email per group
Storyboard
Before that we should have you speak with HR.
I’m just being realistic. Our stocks are going to go down if we don’t run a tight ship.
If we do auction, we should change the function of buying art to bidding for art. We would probably also need a functional requirement dictating when an auction is over and the highest bidder wins.
Just took the midterm. No makeup dates unfortunately.
I’ll check it out later this evening
monday?
Awesome. I added the title page we had into the pdf. I can submit it soon.
Done
That works for me on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Yes. Anyone have any time preferences?
It was a good time. Thanks, team. If you all have LinkedIn, it’d be great to connect.
akam.net
make sure to check the notes before trying inject 5
Christopher Isaac Stone
I’m in the room
Im at the second table on the right when you go past the front desk
I’m there
I’m there
I’m making my way
I’ll likely be late.
I’m at the dinner
Do we have any 38mm motor retainers?
you as well
hi. im just going over the slides
No problem
Take that with a grain of salt. I’m still trying to figure it out
To find the first ack, you have to find the packet with an ack number that matches the sequence number of the syn packet.
I believe the sequence number of one should match the ack number of the other, which it didn’t in this case. Maybe there’s an exception for the POST segment.
I’m not confident in my answer for that one. I subtracted the time of the very first ack from the time of the HTTP post segment.
I appreciate that. Let me know as well.
Not yet
Hi. I’m good, how are you?
do you guys have room for one more galactic intern?
Youssef Bahloul (he/him)
Outplayed
I’m going to ignore your advice and download and run anything I get from @Vader101
How do I know he didn’t get to you; that you’re not part of his botnet now?
Yea, there aren’t actually any challenges that you can assign that they can’t just do themselves by going to “practice”.
And if you assign a challenge, you’ll be able to see which students completed it.
It’s a bit strange, but how it works is you go to the classroom and there should be an “assignments” menu. In it, you can select challenges to assign to the class and for what period of time.
Made you classroom leader
It’s ok. Fourby4 right?
forwarded you an email about the mountain west cyber comp in case you didn't receive it
Cru8GJzIP
For Pico, there's a cct classroom. If you join it, I can transfer the permissions.
Would you like me to talk to the Phd students in Dr. Irfan's lab about being CCT mentors? If they're willing, they could teach concepts, compete, and even make challenges for RAM CTF.
If so, you'll have to accept me back into VCU CCT
If you end up joining enowars, I think we have to leave our current CTFtime team
Enowars, bdsec, and downunder
CTFing this weekend?
rl tomorrow?
it wasn't the greatest game of all time at the moment...
let me reinstall
I'm getting trashed in plat
part 2 this weekend perhaps?
let me get my headset
Alright. If he doesn't respond by Sunday, it's fine to submit your contact information.
Looks good
You can check "Travels to other institutions", as some competitions may require that (C2c, Cyberfusion)
We do have a group email. Talk to Jacob, he should transfer that stuff to you (we have a google drive as well)
I think acronym should be: CCT
That’s not me
Outside
Status?
Do you want to meet in the commons at 5:30pm? There's potential for a ping pong side quest.
Is sometime after 5pm tomorrow good for you to receive your Quran?
I expect a conversion on the spot
This is what happens when you wake up at 4:53pm
No. I’ll be back on Monday
I'm on campus today as well. Also, make sure to respond to Michele McDonald's email.
Hey Bulonziyee. I have your Quran
Hi Bulonziyee. Will you be in next week’s meeting? We can discuss setting up another CTF.
Hey. Sorry I missed your call. What’s up?
Joe butt shake???
Ok. Talk later. Have to pay attention
I almost reacted in class
I don’t believe you
I’ll lose my mind if you do that
Could you integrate blox64 as one of the steps in your demo?
It’d be fun if we could rerun Ram CTF for two hours, but this is just a dream.
Depends on our audience. If they have terminal experience, I think bandit is fine.
We have two sessions, each in a different room this time.
What do you say to doing your demo next Monday, but without the SQLi?
excellent
RAM_CTF{L3arn_RS@_1419368}

this is the flag you got when you did useless_e right?
You’re right
The answer becomes clear when you examine how the encryption algorithm would work with the given variables. Think about the title of the challenge.
Yes those are the encryption and decryption formulae
How about the basic formulas?
Do you remember our rsa meeting?
Your approach is incorrect
What did you try?
I do
Have you tried useless_e?
I’ll edit the font to make the distinction clearer.
You might’ve typed l when it was an I.
I think you misspelled the last part
Did you see last evening’s announcements in bulletin?
I’ll check it out.
Awesome. I'll check it out soon.
i encoded "bread pudding" and provided the encrypted message to chatgpt, but it still can't figure it out.
what did you provide to gpt?
I have ideas for the Roblox obby
That’s wicked. Do it
stay strong
Nice work
Yea I’m finding the same thing.
You’re EightBy8 right? I see you on the leaderboard. You’re doing great
It’s not bad. Just a download and open the file
Look up gameboy emulators
There’s one more step.
I don’t remember the exact flag
How did you do the challenge?
did you setup your accounts?
text me in discord when I get moved into the breakout room
one of us will join the zoom
Can you message David Durklee and ask to be put in a breakout room for team 4?
We're team 4
Make sure to change your zoom name:
    Team (#) - (Student, Judge, Coach) -  Last Name

    For example, my zoom name would be “Team 1 - Coach - Harrison”
No, it's a team thing. You'll still be in communication with us. We'll have a zoom laptop in the room for us.
They'll likely email it to us and we'll have a breakout room for you and our judge.
Hey Bo, since you're virtual tomorrow, you'll have to connect to a zoom room.
I sent an invite
Hey. What’s your email?
Ok, no problem.
Hi Sagai. Do you still need a partner? I'm looking for one as well.
Sifu is free on epic games. It's great.
Is that from pollo chan?
Let’s do Friday morning
What are you guys doing
Formidable
You?
Well
Hey. You're invited
I plugged it in
Yo my laptop died
creating a thread for color themes
Alaykumsalam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatu. MashaAllah! That's great news. I'm happy to know that all your hard work paid off. What's the job?
Anytime. Keep me updated. InshaAllah, you got this
Not sure
If I remember correctly, Kevon’s interview was on the technical side. Not on a keyboard, but through verbal explanation of how you would do such-and-such.
I’d try her LinkedIn.
Maybe you could reach out to Kate as well. She interviewed with them at cyber fusion and is working with them currently.
Reach out to him. He went a long way with them.
Have you talked to Kevon? He can probably give you some pointers on interviewing with CACI. He had an interview with them last year at cyber fusion.
Make sure the team takes pictures
Nice. That should be a fun experience, inshaAllah
Oh, you’re talking about cyber fusion?
So you’ll be interviewing and then competing at cyber con?
May Allah make it easier on you.
Nice job getting the interview. How are you feeling about it?
MashaAllah
Probably not, unfortunately
Alaykumsalam Ramadan. Ramadan mubarak to you as well. I'm good, alhamdulillah. How about you?
Think you’ll go to the spring career fair?
Yea it’s quite a drive
Just shared a career fair event in CCT. It's next Tuesday in Tysons. Maybe you can message the employers online to ask about their opportunities.
I’m sorry. I understand how upsetting that can be. It’s a tough time though. All you can do is keep investing in yourself and your projects.
Alaykumsalam Ramadan. I’m doing well, thank you. I hope you had the same.
Anytime. InshaAllah khair
Like 15-20 minutes a day
You could dedicate a certain amount of time each day to study. Something small and easy enough that you’ll be able to get it done even if you’re lacking motivation.
Even more of a reason to keep them short, since we’re mainly using them to make brain connections.
Yea that happens to me as well. Most often I don’t even reread my notes.
Even worse when it’s a live lecture and you can’t pause
Same. Yea I have to resist writing everything down.
Sorry for the delay, I got distracted
I have a couple ideas on how you can improve your communication.
I see.
Alaykumsalam. I’m sorry to hear that. I hope you’re doing good as well. Did they give you a feedback or reasoning for their decision?
You’ve done your part. Now all you can do is wait. InshaAllah, you’ll get the best result.
Must have been exhausting preparing for it and anticipating it huh?
InshaAllah khair. Let me know what they say. How’s everything else going with work and school ?
What’s next? Are you waiting to hear back from them?
MashaAllah! I’m glad to hear you did well!
Alaykumsalam. I hope you’re good as well.
You got this 🧠
No problem. May Allah help you with your endeavor. Best advice I can give: make sure to make lots of dua and remember Allah during the good and the bad.
I'm sure you can do it. If you're already somewhat confident with your STARs, you can focus more time on prepping for tech then go back and polish your answers.
Looks like coding could be on the table. One of the responsibilities is to apply secure coding practices.
Yeah I can imagine them asking sec+ questions like that, since this is an intern role.
You'll probably want to be familiar with vulnerability scanners like nessus and nikto. And burp suite is popular for finding and testing web vulnerabilities.
Looks like there's an emphasis on vulnerability assessment.
If it's hacking tools like burp suite, etc. you'd probably be good looking for specific ctf challenges.
If they're asking for python experience, then you'd probably want to practice with some Hackerrank problems.
Depends on the job description. What are the responsibilities and desired qualifications?
I have an idea that may help you with remembering your STARs and making them easier to tell during the interview, but it'd take some effort.
That's a good point. Probably some good interactive experience from that role you can talk about.
Yeah, memorizing the star answers can be frustrating. How do you go about preparing those for an interview?
I don’t know about you, but behavioral interviews intimidate me more than technical. How have those been for you?
Ok. Then that’s fine, I see why you combined them.
Do you still have the second one now?
How long did each one last? And was the work different between the two?
Send me your updated resume and I’ll think of something
Alaykumsalam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatu Ramadan. Good to hear from you. MashaAllah! Truly, you are a player. I think I’m the one who should be asking you for tips.
They were at different times right? One in 24 and one in 25
Also, did you combine the deeprun positions? I remember you had 3
I like it. It reflects good IT support exp
Make sure when you do submit resumes, you submit them as pdfs. When I opened it in docs I think I lost the dean's list years.
This is a big improvement.
I think they're solid. Not sure about some of the bolding, but resend me the resume after you've had a talk with Jake.
I like that you're stating your impacts with some of the bullets. That's real important
Yea, looks good
That looks good. Is that it?
I haven't
Maybe you can find a well received resume template and replace the content with yours.
I think it looks good. The formatting looks small, but maybe it's because I opened it in google docs.
That and you don't need to say you were a volunteer. You still did the job.
Also, I think you should remove the word "volunteer" from in front of your Software Tester role. Same for "unpaid intern" in your cyber intern role.
Probably keep student orgs last, and I think the leadership exp can stay under work exp
What Dr. Lemza recommended for my resume was this order:
1. Education
2. Work experience
3. Skills & certs
4. Projects
Alaykumsalam. Sure. Feel free to send it
These flashcards are just of the acronyms. It might be a good idea to also make your own cards as you study to help strengthen your memory of the knowledge.
If you don't have anki:
https://apps.ankiweb.net/
This might help:
https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1050254727
Yeaa, there are a lot of those
How have you tried studying for it?
Ameen, and you as well
Thanks you. Yeah, last semester I graduated
Good, alhamdulillah. I have a couple interviews coming up, inshaAllah. Now I'm studying to do well on them.
It's good to hear that you got that experience though. InshAllah junior year will go smoothly.
Oh I see
Was this with the police?
How were the internships?
MashAllah.
Salamualaykum Ramadan. How is it going? Going into sophomore year now, right?
I'm learning a bit of electrical engineering.
It's nice, alhamdulillah.
How are you doing so far? With work and all?
Sounds like a good plan. InshaAllah, you'll get the internship with VSP
Would you still work with Deeprun if you get this internship?
Next steps?
Alhamdulillah, that's good to hear
Sorry. How did it go?
When's the interview?
Alaykumsalam
I studied over a full summer
Good ideas. Those would both be good for your resume.
Did it give you an idea where to start?
InshaAllah. Make dua
Did they say what the next steps were?
Sounds like it was a good interview. InshaAllah khair.
Those are good questions.
Sounds intense
Salamualaykum Ramadan. How are you? How did your interview go?
If there’s a technical requirement on the job posting, make sure to assess yourself on it.
I’d recommend preparing for those types of questions. You can find lists of them online. Just have ideas of stories you can talk about that cover a variety of situations.
Have you heard of STAR questions or taken the professional development course?
Alaykumsalam. MashaAllah. Good luck!
Do you converse with Dr. Ahmed? He seems to have a wealth of knowledge in cybersecurity. If I had more time at VCU, I’d definitely want to work with him and talk to him about the field.
Alhamdulillah
Alaykumsalam. I’m interested in cybersecurity engineering. It’s a role in which you’d be creating and implementing security tools and protocols to protect your systems.
If I did it again I would study from YouTube
I wouldn’t recommend the guy I studied from
Professor Messer sounds good
Alaykumsalam. I used a Udemy course, though it wasn’t very good. I’d recommend YouTube
Salamualaykum Ramadan. I saw that you requested to join the pico25 team. We're making multiple teams since the player limit is 5. Try this invite code TtfeMRgpV.
No problem
try to get through all of the easy pico problems first
most of the challenges on picoctf have walkthroughs on youtube, thought I'd recommend trying to piece together information from other sources first and use the walkthrough if you really can't get it
Alaykumsalam. Practice. When I started, I knew nothing, but I kept doing challenges. You’ll have to look up a lot of stuff, and even when you’ve learned a lot there will still be a lot to look up.
Likely things like cryptography, networking, reverse engineering, recon, etc
There should be a mix of beginner and advanced problems.
You’d be doing challenges like we did last time we met.
Salamualaykum Ramadan. Are you still interested and available to dothe HTB CTF on 3/8 and 3/9 both at 1pm for 4 hours?
I’m guessing you have one year left?
End of next year. It’s a grad program
You’re doing it right now
This debate is over and I’ve won
You’re gaslighting me
Nope. Don’t know what that mean so I dont think so
I had to fight you for it
Yea but barely
We should have probably
Dress to impress?
Prison life?
Elemental battlegrounds?
This is a core memory for me
Incorrect
How is it that I could barely get you to play the game with me and then you became an admin 🥸
And you didn’t give me all the items for free?!
Huh?!
Do you remember R2D? I think that was the game wherein we ran into each other
That is crazy to think about
MRI as in imaging?
You?
Computer science
Marceline was an alter ego??
I’m in college 🫩
I’m good. Yea it’s been a long time. How are you doing? I see you changed your name. Again
Sorry I got scatterbrained this past week
Youssef Bahloul (he/him)